--- Page 1 ---
Keeping London
moving for 25 years
Annual Report and Statement of Accounts
2024/25 – 25 September 2025

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
9 34
3 Mayor’s foreword 49 Healthy Streets and healthy people
50 Cleaning the air
52 Pedal power
5 Commissioner’s foreword
54 Creating a sustainable future
56 Adapting for the future
7 Background to this report
58 Growing on success
8 Highlights of the year
59 New homes and jobs
60 Delivering for London
9 Keeping London moving 62 Spaces for businesses
49 59
64 Delivering for the future
11 Financial overview
12 Chief Finance Officer foreword 66 Statement of Accounts 2024/25
13 Our scorecard
15 Operational performance data 231 Annual Governance Statement
16 Safety
235 TfL Board, committee and
17 Making London’s roads safer
panel members
20 Ensuring our services are safe
22 Safety for all
243 Remuneration report 2024/25
24 Our people
25 Delivering for our colleagues
28 Culture of collaboration
30 A workplace for the future
32 Creating a lasting legacy 66 243
34 A good public transport experience
35 All change on the London Overground
37 A network for all
40 Developing our network
42 Successful services
44 Driving ahead
46 Cultural capital
47 London for everyone

--- Page 3 ---
3 Mayor’s foreword Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Mayor’s foreword
Improving London’s
transport for all
We are improving services and making sure
every Londoner can enjoy a safe, green, affordable
and reliable transport network
Over the last year, we have continued to I was proud to announce a freeze on bus
expand and improve London’s transport and tram fares for a record sixth time since
network – making our city safer, greener 2016. London continues to offer some of
and more accessible for everyone who lives the lowest bus fares in the UK, directly
in, works in, and visits the capital. benefiting lower-income and disabled
Londoners who are most likely to rely on
By the end of 2024/25, the Elizabeth line these vital services. Thanks to the freeze,
reached 570 million passenger journeys, fares are just 25p higher than when I first
meaning it has become the busiest single became Mayor in 2016, which is 23 per cent
railway service in the UK, transforming lower than they would be if they had risen
travel across central London. It has with inflation.
proved a catalyst for new jobs, homes and
regeneration – demonstrating the power of We also marked the first anniversary of
well-connected, reliable public transport. the Superloop express bus network, which
is improving connectivity across outer
One of my most exciting moments this year London and proving hugely popular with
was officially launching the new names for Londoners. We are now consulting on plans
the London Overground lines in November to extend the Superloop further, helping us
2024. With the network’s growing realise our ambition of maintaining a truly
popularity, giving each line a distinct colour first-class bus network.
and identity not only makes it easier for
Londoners and visitors to navigate, but also Our Healthy Streets programme continues
celebrates the unique history and culture of to promote active travel. Working closely
our communities. with the boroughs, we have delivered 18
new Cycleway routes this year – most of
them in outer London – and rolled out
20mph speed limits across more of our
road network to make our streets safer The Mayor launched the new London Overground line names
for everyone.

--- Page 4 ---
4 Mayor’s foreword Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
August 2024 marked one year since the
expansion of the Ultra Low Emission Zone
(ULEZ), the world's largest clean air zone, to
cover all London boroughs. Today, around
97 per cent of vehicles seen on London’s
roads are ULEZ compliant. Since the ULEZ
was introduced and expanded, there have
been substantial improvements in air
quality in outer London and across the
capital. Roadside levels of nitrogen dioxide,
a toxic gas linked to a host of debilitating
health conditions, have decreased by
a record 27 per cent across London.
Emissions of harmful roadside nitrogen
oxides in outer London have also fallen
by an estimated 14 per cent thanks to the
expansion, when compared with estimates
if there was no ULEZ. This represents huge
progress in our mission to improve public
health and clean up London’s air.
We’re also continuing to grow London’s
electric vehicle charging infrastructure
and expand what is now the largest zero-
emission bus fleet in western Europe – with
more than 2,000 buses helping to drive us
towards a cleaner, greener future. For years, I have been campaigning for a
multi-year funding deal for investment in
London’s transport system and I welcome
the certainty provided in the June 2025
Spending Review. I will continue to work
‘ For years, I have been
with the Government to secure investment
campaigning for a multi- in the new infrastructure London needs.
Projects, such as extending the DLR, have
year funding deal for
the potential to not only deliver economic The expanded ULEZ is helping clean London’s air
investment in London’s growth across the country, but also tens of
thousands of new affordable homes and
transport system and I
jobs for Londoners.
welcome the certainty
I look forward to continuing to work
provided in the June 2025
with TfL Commissioner Andy Lord as we
deliver a world-class transport system and
Spending Review’
make London a fairer, greener, and more
prosperous city for all.
Sir Sadiq Khan
Mayor of London

--- Page 5 ---
5 Commissioner’s foreword Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Commissioner's foreword
Celebrating our
achievements
This year, we have celebrated 25 years of keeping
London moving while also looking to the future
We mark a significant milestone in 2025 as Keeping customers safe
we celebrate 25 years since TfL was formed. Safety remains our highest priority. The
This gives us a moment to celebrate Vision Zero ambition to eliminate all deaths
the journey so far and reaffirm our and serious injuries from the transport
commitment to delivering a world-class network by 2041 continues to guide our
transport network for the capital. safety programmes and initiatives. This
commitment is reflected in our close
Over the past quarter of a century, we working relationships with London’s
have continuously worked to enhance life boroughs to redesign roads and enhance
in London, constantly innovating to give safety, alongside strengthened Direct Vision
our customers the best service and to play Standards for heavy goods vehicles.
our part in ensuring the city’s success. The
recent expansion of the Superloop express To ensure all customers feel confident
bus network illustrates this ongoing while travelling we installed new CCTV
commitment, connecting outer London at 20 bus shelters across London, in
boroughs more efficiently and supporting partnership with the police. In addition,
improved access and opportunity across our swift and effective response to a
the city. cyber security incident in September 2024
ensured the integrity of our systems and
The Elizabeth line continues to exceed helped protect customer data.
expectations, with around 570 million
journeys made by the end of the financial Building a greener London
year, making it the busiest railway in the Sustainability is embedded into our
country. It stands as a testament to the long-term vision. Over the past year, we
transformative economic and social impact launched 18 new Cycleways, adding 35km
that transport investment can bring. to the strategic cycle network, alongside
the introduction of 900 new e-bikes to the
Santander Cycles fleet to support active
and sustainable travel.
Our services continue to open up more of London for more people

--- Page 6 ---
6 Commissioner’s foreword Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
We have doubled the amount of wildflower Looking to the future
verges on our road network, helping to This year, a range of macroeconomic
boost biodiversity across the capital. We factors subdued ridership growth. However,
also have a range of initiatives to help ridership did grow year on year and we are
transform our buildings. This includes focused on attracting more customers in
phasing out fossil fuels, installing heat the year ahead. We also remain committed
pumps and solar panels, and using smart to reducing fare evasion and we are
sensors to regulate energy use based on strengthening our capability to deter
the number of people in a building. fare evaders.
There is much to look forward to. The first
consultation on the potential expansion
of the DLR took place this year, as well as
‘ We are grateful that the
a consultation on the proposed Bakerloop
Government has agreed a bus route. Our contactless payment system
continues to expand beyond London. All
much-needed multi-year
these initiatives will help shape London’s
capital funding agreement’ transport landscape in the years ahead.
We are grateful that the Government has
agreed a much-needed multi-year capital
funding agreement. This settlement will
Empowering our people ensure that London’s transport network
Our people are our greatest asset. As part can continue to support new homes,
of our Action on Inclusion strategy, we’re jobs and economic growth in the capital,
making our reasonable adjustments process as well as boost jobs, skills, growth and
easier and more accessible to support opportunities across the UK. It will enable
everyone in performing at their best. We us to deliver a programme of sustainable
have enhanced our Viewpoint annual staff investment, aligning our suppliers around
survey by bringing it in-house. This year, a longer-term programme. It means that
participation rose by three points to 61 per we can complete the introduction of new
cent and total engagement increased by six trains on the Piccadilly line and DLR, and
points to 66 per cent. new signalling on 40 per cent of the Tube.
We can procure a new tram fleet, progress
This year, 175 new apprenticeships were discussions on new Bakerloo line trains and New trains will help shape the future of transport
introduced across the organisation, get to work on renewing some of London’s
offering qualifications in areas such as critical roads, tunnels and flyovers.
engineering, technology and sustainability.
We launched a refreshed staff uniform to I want to sincerely thank all of our
be more inclusive and sustainable, with colleagues, partners and customers.
improved visibility to better support our With continued collaboration, we remain
visually impaired customers. Our people committed to delivering a transport
also proudly took part in major cultural network that is safe, sustainable and
events including Notting Hill Carnival and inclusive for everyone.
the London Pride Parade, celebrating the Andy Lord
diversity and vibrancy of the city we serve. London’s Transport Commissioner

--- Page 7 ---
7 Background to this report Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Background to this report
Our projects and investments are focused on achieving the Mayor’s ambitions for London
Our Annual Report details our Achieving the Mayor’s vision Throughout this report, we have showcased
Our values achievements and updates from the last All our work, from running our services to our achievements from throughout 2024/25
We have a mission to be the strong, financial year, which runs from 1 April 2024 our major investment programmes, follows as well as the various project milestones
green heartbeat for London. To to 31 March 2025. the key themes of the Mayor’s Transport against these key areas. We have reported
achieve this, we developed our Strategy. These are a good public transport on the progress we are making towards
strategy, which sets out our targets As a publicly funded organisation, it is experience, Healthy Streets and healthy achieving the Mayor’s vision for the future
and ambitions over the years to important that we are transparent with our people, and new homes and jobs. of London.
2030. It explains what we are doing finances, our investments and the work
to help turn the Mayor’s Transport we are doing to help shape our city. This
Strategy from an ambitious plan report outlines our achievements under a
into London’s reality. Our strategy number of areas. Safety is our number one
is underpinned by three key values priority as we aim to get everybody home
that we are focused on to ensure safely, every day. We have a focus on our A good public transport experience
that Every Journey Matters. people, and how we work to ensure that
TfL is a great place to work for everybody. We will ensure public transport is an increasingly attractive
Sustainability and our environmental alternative to the car, through whole journey planning to help
impact are at the heart of our decisions and integrate public transport in our schemes and projects.
Caring
a key thread throughout everything we do.
This means that we care
about our colleagues, our
Our reporting also addresses the ambitions
customers and our work.
of the Mayor’s Transport Strategy, which
acknowledges the key role transport Healthy Streets and healthy people
plays in shaping London and making it a
Open
world leader for sustainable transport. It We aim to improve the experience of being in the places where people
also emphasises the way that effective live, work, spend time and travel. We will reduce traffic dominance
This means that we are
open to each other, and and well-planned transport projects and and encourage people to walk, cycle and use public transport.
we are open to new ideas improvements can play a vital part in
and ways of working.
improving the health, opportunities and
quality of life of those who live and work
in our city. The central aim of the strategy
Adaptable
is to create a place that is not only home to New homes and jobs
We will adapt to the more people but is a better space for them
diverse needs of the to live, work and visit. This means a safer, Transport is vital for creating the new homes and jobs London
organisation and we are
healthier, cleaner, greener, more inclusive needs. This includes creating communities where amenities are
willing to innovate.
and better-connected city. It also means within walking and cycling distance.
economic growth that benefits not just
London but the UK as a whole.

--- Page 8 ---
8 Highlights of the year Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Highlights
Safety at bus shelters
900
10
We launched a trial of CCTV in bus shelters
of the year
to improve safety for all customers
e-bikes were added
new Cycleways
to our fleet of
launched across London
Santander Cycles
A look back at some of
Enhancing safety standards Flower power
our biggest achievements
from 2024/25
Our Direct We doubled the amount of wildflower
Vision Standard verges on our road network
for HGVs was
strengthened
to further
500m
improve safety
customer journeys were
made on the Elizabeth line
since its launch two years ago
Celebrating our culture Colours of the future Building on success
1.2m
We supported The six new names for the Places for
major events London Overground lines London
people regularly
in London, were launched reached a
using our TfL Go app
such as Pride milestone of
and Notting completing
Hill Carnival its 1,000th
new home
Protecting London’s cabs
We set out
our plans to
ensure the
future of 12%
1,400
the taxi and
private hire
industry saving on total energy
new homes have been
used at our Stratford
completed, 54 per cent
office through a trial of
of which are affordable
smart sensors

--- Page 9 ---
9 Keeping London moving Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Keeping London moving
Marking our special
anniversary year
Celebrating our achievements over 25 years of
transforming the capital’s transport network
This year marks the 25th anniversary since We have also improved accessibility on
TfL was formed as London’s transport our services, with more than 200 step-free
authority, bringing together various stations on our network, while our ever
different transport agencies under one growing network of cycle routes and our
organisation to support jobs, homes cycle hire scheme is helping even more
and economic growth, and connecting people to be able to enjoy the benefits
Londoners to education, employment of cycling. We have also made significant
and leisure. improvements to the bus network, with
cleaner vehicles, including 1,900 electric and
We kicked off a year of celebration with a hydrogen buses now in service. Our Hopper
special event at Liverpool Street station fare has also helped make travel more
that saw Commissioner Andy Lord affordable for all Londoners.
joined by 25 talented buskers for a day of
performances, where we also unveiled a
new silver roundel.
‘ Since 2000, we have
The celebrations have also been marked
with a new series of posters across the delivered momentous
transport network that showcase a
positive change
selection of our notable achievements
during the past 25 years.
across the city and
Some of our flagship improvements on our services’
include the launch of the Elizabeth line,
which launched in 2022 and is now the
busiest railway service in the country. The
London Underground has seen a number
Andy Lord
of modernisations, with new services such
London’s Transport
as the Night Tube and Night Overground Commissioner
supporting London’s nighttime economy. We have achieved a great deal in the 25 years since TfL was formed

--- Page 10 ---
10 Keeping London moving Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Some of our 2000 2003 2007 2010 2012 2014 2022 2024
more notable
achievements
from the past
25 years TfL is formed as the The Oyster card, We launch the Our cycle hire London’s cable car Contactless The Elizabeth line We launch the
single integrated Europe’s first multi- London Overground, scheme, now known launches between payments introduced opens, transforming Superloop express
transport body for modal ticketing taking over several as Santander Cycles, Greenwich Peninsula across most of our travel through bus routes network
all of London. system, launches. suburban rail routes. launches in London. and the Royal Docks. transport services. central London. in outer London.
2000 2003 2007 2010
2012 2014 2022 2024

--- Page 11 ---
Financial overview
Securing our finances
to improve services
12
Chief Finance Officer foreword
13
Our scorecard
15
Operational performance data

--- Page 12 ---
12 Chief Finance Officer foreword Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Chief Finance Officer foreword
Ensuring our financial security
We continue to make progress on our finances despite the challenges
that we have faced during the year
In 2024/25, we delivered our second This funding enables us to deliver vital company, has completed 1,454 homes and
successive operating surplus, after we improvements to our transport network started on sites that are delivering almost
achieved this for the first time in 2023/24. and ensure we can continue to be the 3,000 more. The revenue generated by
Our operating surplus has grown year-on- strong, green heartbeat for London. Places for London increased by 13 per cent
year and is exceeding our budget surplus in 2024/25 to £102m, with more than 30 new
by £5m. Every penny of that surplus goes There were some significant challenges retailers joining the estate. We will also go
to support our investment programme, during 2024/25. Our passenger journey further on targeting fare evasion, building
in which we spent £1.9bn on major capital growth of 0.9 per cent fell short of on existing success and the increasing
projects including the Silvertown Tunnel, the six per cent year-on-year increase use of data driven techniques to target
expanding our cycleway network and anticipated in our Budget, which aimed to persistent fare evaders.
delivering vital station improvements at build on the nine per cent growth seen in
Kentish Town and Colindale. 2023/24. The slower growth is attributed Over the last year, we extensively reviewed
to a combination of economic factors, our procurement and commercial function
Our success means we can support including weaker retail sales and a softening and started implementing a new category-
achievements across the whole of the UK. employment market. We are exploring ways led operating model that aligns to key
London’s annual net contribution to the to better influence travel behaviour across markets and suppliers. This will help us
national exchequer is at a record £43.6bn. our network. unlock value and savings with our supply
We spent more than £12bn with more than chain partners, while building market
3,000 UK suppliers during 2022/23 and In 2024/25, we achieved one-off savings of confidence by having stable, longer-term
2023/24, which has helped generate more £135m to specifically mitigate the significant pipelines of work as a result of our multi-
than £11bn in gross value added to the headwinds we experienced and made year funding settlement.
UK economy. £155m in recurring savings from a variety of
initiatives, including reducing our employer We are one of the few transport authorities Rachel McLean
Since the pandemic, we have been pension contributions with no changes that does not rely on central Government Chief Finance Officer
making the case for a multi-year funding to employee pension arrangements, for revenue support. As we celebrate our
settlement. I am extremely grateful implementing plans to reduce non- 25th anniversary, I look forward to building
and pleased that the Government has permanent labour and use of consultants, more financial progress in the future for
recognised the contribution we make and converting traditional fluorescent the benefit of our customers, colleagues
to London and the national economy lighting to LEDs in our stations. and partners.
by announcing a much-needed £2.2bn
investment in London’s transport network We are continuing to build more diverse
over four years in the 2025 Spending income sources and reduce reliance on
Review. This is similar to those in place passenger income. Places for London,
with Network Rail and National Highways. our wholly owned commercial property

--- Page 13 ---
13 Our scorecard Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Our scorecard
We assess our achievements against a range of measures to ensure
we track our progress and stay on track to deliver for London
35m
The TfL scorecard is our primary tool for Colleague safety has been challenging, with It means customers on this section will
tracking progress against our strategic a rise in serious injuries and one colleague experience quicker journey times. Although
objectives and is structured around our was tragically killed following an assault. we had operational challenges on the
vision and values. It provides a clear line This rise in serious injuries brings figures Central line, we still surpassed our floor
more passenger journeys
of sight between the Mayor’s Transport to a similar level to 2021/22 and 2022/23. We target for journey time on buses and on the Tube in 2024/25 than
Strategy, our Business Plan and our Budget, have launched a comprehensive colleague achieved our target for journey time on rail. the previous year
and helps drive our in-year performance. safety plan and continue to target the main
The metrics are designed to be stretching causes of harm, which are slips, trips and We have made further strides towards our
and realistic. falls, and workplace violence. green future by exceeding our target on
sustainable drainage across London, and
89
Sadly, 3,802 people were killed or seriously Our colleague metrics show significant removing all cars from our fleet that are
injured on London’s roads, which is a four improvement, with a considerable year- not zero-emission capable. We reduced
per cent increase from 2023/24, meaning on-year increase in our staff survey carbon emissions from our assets by
we missed our ambitious target. There engagement score, demonstrating that we more than expected, which is great for our
customer satisfaction score
were fewer people killed in 2024/25, with are committed to retaining and attracting decarbonisation journey, especially given on London Dial-a-Ride, the
98 deaths recorded. We continue to work the best people. We continue to improve our key role in driving the UK towards highest of any of our services
to reduce road risk, and overall casualty representation at senior levels, meaning TfL net zero.
numbers fell to the lowest level on record is looking more like the city we serve.
outside of the pandemic years. On our finances, we exceeded our
Service levels expanded in 2024/25, recurring operating cost savings
1,842m
The number of serious injuries sustained by including new Superloop bus routes. New target, demonstrating that we are
our customers has increased since 2020/21, timetables were introduced on the Tube committed to driving value across the
in line with rising demand. This means more from 13 January 2025 as part of our Four organisation. While total income was
customers have been killed or seriously Lines Modernisation programme, taking below expectations, we continue to see
journeys made on London
injured (from 204 to 215) compared to the advantage of the signalling upgrades that growth in passenger demand. buses, making them our most
previous year. Despite this, there was a 24 have already been completed on the used service
per cent reduction in serious injuries on the District and Hammersmith & City lines
London Underground this year. between Stepney Green and Upminster.

--- Page 14 ---
14 Our scorecard Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Measure Results Target Floor target
Safety and security
People killed or seriously injured on our roads (absolutes) 3,802 3,671 3,893
aPcahriteivaelldy
Customers killed or seriously injured (absolutes) 215 194 206
achieNveodt
Colleagues killed or seriously injured (absolutes) 29 17 21
achieNveodt
Colleague
Total engagement (%) 66 62 60
Achieved
Attendance (%) 93.78 94.25 93.75
aPcahriteivaelldy
Women represented at senior leadership (%) 34.6 35.3 34
aPcahriteivaelldy
Black, Asian or minority ethnic people represented at senior leadership (%) 20.9 20.4 19.2
Achieved
Disabled people represented at senior leadership (%) 6.6 6.9 5.8
aPcahriteivaelldy
People from minority faiths or beliefs represented at senior leadership (%) 12.3 13.1 12.6
achieNveodt
Lesbian, gay and bisexual people represented at senior leadership (%) 5.8 6.1 5.5
aPcahriteivaelldy
Customer
Percentage of Londoners who agree we care about our customers (%) 60 56 54
Achieved
Investment programme milestone delivery (%) * 79 90 75
aPcahriteivaelldy
Customer journey time on London Underground (minutes) 26.9 26.6 28.5
aPcahriteivaelldy
Customer journey time on buses (minutes) 34.3 34.1 35.5
aPcahriteivaelldy
Customer journey time on rail (minutes) 27.1 27.1 28
Achieved
Green
Carbon dioxide emissions from our operations and buildings (ktonnes COe) * 784 773 812
2 aPcahriteivaelldy
Sustainable drainage systems delivered 17,426 9,000 5,000
Achieved
Green milestone delivery (%) 73 90 70
aPcahriteivaelldy
Finance
Total operating income versus budget (£m) 9,279 9,467 9,372
achieNveodt
Recurring operating cost savings (£m) 155 126 81
Achieved
Capital renewals (£m) * 770 795 2% + or -
achieNveodt
Achieved Partially achieved Not achieved * Measure adjusted or mitigated as agreed by Audit and Assurance Committee
* Measure adjusted or mitigated as agreed by Audit and Assurance Committee
* Measure adjusted or mitigated as agreed by Audit and Assurance Committee

--- Page 15 ---
15 Operational performance data Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Operational performance data
Overview of our operational performance data across our public transport modes
Buses 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21 Elizabeth line 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23¹ 2021/22² 2020/21³
Passenger journeys (millions) 1,842 1,867 1,782 1,486 865 Passenger journeys (millions) 231 210 139 40 20
Customer satisfaction (score out of 100) 78 77 78 78 77 Customer satisfaction (score out of 100) 81 82 82 78 75
London Underground 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21 London Dial-a-Ride 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21
Passenger journeys (millions) 1,216 1,181 1,063 748 296 Passenger journeys (thousands) 514.8 542.1 503.0 375.0 144.9
Customer satisfaction (score out of 100) 76 75 75 76 75 Customer satisfaction (score out of 100) 89 90 91 92 93
DLR 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21 IFS Cloud Cable Car 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21
Passenger journeys (millions) 98 99 92 77 40 Passenger journeys (thousands) 1,480.0 1,444.4 1,520.2 1,365.04 428.64
Customer satisfaction score (score out of 100) 78 78 78 78 77 Customer satisfaction (score out of 100)* n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
London Trams 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21 River Services 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21
Passenger journeys (millions) 18 20 21 19 12 Passenger journeys (millions) 10.5 9.6 8.5 5.3 1.6
Customer satisfaction (score out of 100) 80 78 76 76 76 Customer satisfaction (score out of 100)* n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
London Overground 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21 Santander Cycles 2024/25 2023/24 2022/23 2021/22 2020/21
Passenger journeys (millions) 183 181 157 112 54 Passenger journeys (millions) 8.9 8.5 10.8 11.8 10.2
Customer satisfaction (score out of 100) 78 77 76 76 76 Customer satisfaction (score out of 100)* n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
Note: passenger journeys are the number of individual trips made 1 Opened for passenger service on 24 May 2022 3 Reporting started on Elizabeth line in Q4 2022/23, this represents that quarter
* Customer satisfaction score not surveyed 2 Operating as TfL Rail 4 Operating as Emirates Air Line
4 Operating as Emirates Air Line

--- Page 16 ---
Safety
Creating a safer
London for all
17
Making London’s roads safer
20
Ensuring our services are safe
22
Safety for all

--- Page 17 ---
17 Safety Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
MMMaaakkkiiinnnggg
Improving safety on London’s roads
LLLooonnndddooonnn’’’sss
Helping all Londoners to travel safely on London’s roads as we work
towards achieving the Mayor’s Vision Zero ambition
rrroooaaadddsss sssaaafffeeerrr
In September 2024, we published figures that show nearly all London boroughs saw a decrease in the
the number of people killed on our roads between number of people killed or seriously injured.
January and December 2023 reduced by 30 per cent in
London, compared with the 2010-14 baseline. Together with the London boroughs and National
Highways, we are responsible for London’s roads.
Reviewing our work to make
The number of people that were seriously injured also We must continue to work together and take the
our roads safer as we target our fell by 24 per cent, from 4,734 to 3,615. However, 95 urgent actions needed to address this and we remain
people were tragically killed on London’s roads, with committed to working closely with boroughs, the
Vision Zero ambition
devastating consequences for their families, friends police and other partners to carry out this work so that
and communities. Compared to the 2010-14 baseline, we can reduce danger on London’s roads for everyone.
Our Vision Zero ambition
‘ It’s encouraging to
see that we’re making
We believe that it is neither inevitable nor
real progress in
acceptable that anyone should be killed
London to achieve our or seriously injured when travelling in
London. This is why we have set out our
Vision Zero goal of
Vision Zero goal that all deaths and serious
injuries should be eliminated from London’s
eliminating death and
transport network by 2041.
serious injury from
Our Vision Zero action plan sets out how
the transport network’
we will achieve this and demonstrates our
commitment and that of the Mayor, London
boroughs, the police and other partners to
Lilli Matson
put our Vision Zero ambition at the heart of
Chief Safety, Health
and Environment Officer everything we do.
We are working to make our roads safer for all

--- Page 18 ---
18 Safety Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Road improvements at Gallows Corner
We are working on a major project in Havering to ensure this key
structure will be operational for years to come
In March 2025, work started on a major project to road markings and resurfacing will improve journeys
refurbish Gallows Corner Flyover in Havering to for people driving. The work is being done in phases
completely renew and strengthen the aging structure. and we have worked closely with our partners to
minimise disruption as much as possible, including
The flyover was built in the 1970s and there have been working with Essex and Suffolk Water to renew the
speed and weight restrictions in place for a number water mains in the area.
of years to enable the structure to continue to
operate safely.
50+
We are making the area safer for all road users
The project to renew the structure will improve
journey time reliability for thousands of people
travelling through the area. We are also installing new
years since Gallows
pedestrian and cycle crossings to make it easier and
Corner Flyover was built
safer for people walking and cycling, while better as a temporary structure
Safer junctions in Hackney
In December 2024, we launched a three-month
public consultation on plans to improve road
safety at the junction of Shoreditch High Street and
Tackling speeding on the A10
Great Eastern Street.
In collaboration with Hackney Council, the plans
would see the creation of new, high-quality We are working with Enfield Council and the
crossings for both cyclists and pedestrians, Metropolitan Police Service on a range of measures to
alongside more footway space to help people reduce road danger and road-related antisocial behaviour
travel sustainably and cut road danger. on the A10 in north London. Action includes extending
the existing average-speed camera system, new lane
In the three years to June 2024, there were
markings, and an interim injunction obtained by Enfield
14 collisions at the junction of Great Eastern Street
Council that prohibited ‘car cruising’
with Curtain Road. Tragically, this included a fatal
collision involving a pedestrian in 2022. Since the average-speed safety camera system in
the northern part of the A10 was introduced in 2020,
In October 2024, we also delivered a new
collisions involving death and serious injury have reduced
pedestrian and cycle crossing on Kingsland High
from seven in 2019 to none in 2023 and 2024. The system
Street at the junction with Sandringham Road to
will now be extended to the southern part of the road.
create a safe place to cross on this busy high street.
We are tackling anti-social behaviour in the area

--- Page 19 ---
19 Safety Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Improvement works at Lambeth Bridge
Our essential work at London’s most dangerous junction will help to
improve safety for everyone that travels in this area
In February 2025, we started construction to install Work also involved urgent maintenance to
important new safety measures at Lambeth Bridge, the Grade II listed structure. This included
including replacing the roundabouts at either end of waterproofing the structure and repairing the
the bridge with signal-controlled junctions. bridge deck.
Other improvements include the addition of a cycle We also made temporary security measures
lane on the bridge itself and new signalised pedestrian permanent to ensure they continue to protect
crossings to improve safety and access. pedestrians and cyclists.
We are improving safety across the bridge
Making Battersea Bridge safer
Safety first
Construction began in November 2024 on the next
Our work on improving safety phase of plans to reduce road danger for people
at junctions aims to tackle the walking and cycling on or near Battersea Bridge.
causes of collisions in locations
The 11-month programme of improvements
with higher-than-average
includes 11 new pedestrian crossings, new sections
collision rates and to protect
of bus lane, cycle signals and a new cycle lane.
bus journey times.
Plans to improve safety of Battersea Bridge were
The programme is making life-
brought forward following the tragic death of Jack
saving changes at some of the
Ryan on the bridge on 13 January 2021.
capital’s most dangerous and
intimidating junctions.
The first phase of work on the north side of the
bridge, completed in November 2021, included a
new pedestrian crossing, wider pavements and a
lower speed limit of 20mph.

--- Page 20 ---
20 Safety Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Ensuring
our services
PPeeooppllee bbeehhiinndd
tthhee pprroojjeecctt
are safe
Project Manager Ka Chun Liu is
pleased to be working on such
a safety-critical project that is
benefiting all road users
We are working to improve
the safety standards for all
Working on the improvements to the
Londoners and those who
Direct Vision standard has been very
rewarding for me.
use the roads
This project is about a policy and
We continue to make improve heavy goods vehicle safety
compliance that saves lives, reducing
fatalities and serious injuries on
London’s roads, as well as supporting
lorry drivers by enhancing their
visibility and awareness from the cab,
which also makes their job safer.
Improving our lorry safety standard
Seeing that impact is what makes this
project so important.
We have strengthened the requirements for our The new requirements, which came into force in
world-leading Direct Vision Standard (DVS) for heavy October 2024, are a legal requirement for HGVs
Ka Chun Liu
goods vehicles. The minimum star rating threshold has weighing more than 12 tonnes operating in Greater Project Manager
increased from one to three star, and there is a new London. We ran a comprehensive communications
Progressive Safe System, which is now compulsory for campaign to ensure everyone was aware of
zero, one and two-star rated vehicles. These new safe the changes.
systems harness the latest technology to eliminate the
most common causes of fatal collisions between an
HGV and people cycling or walking. 3
The standard is helping to save the lives of road users
by objectively measuring how much an HGV driver can
star rating now needed for
see directly through their cab windows and setting
HGVs over 12 tonnes driving
minimum standards to help reduce collisions.
in Greater London

--- Page 21 ---
21 Safety Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
We want to make pedicabs safer for all road users
Regulating pedicabs
in the capital
Banning non-folding e-bikes on our network
Londoners were invited to have their say on plans
to make pedicabs as safe as possible as part of
a consultation that ran between January and Following consultation with the London Fire Brigade, we have banned
March 2025. non-foldable e-bikes to help ensure everyone’s safety
A now-familiar sight in London’s West End,
pedicabs can provide a unique and green way to We announced a ban on all non-foldable e-bikes on Cycles that have been adapted using electronic
explore these areas of the capital. However, as the most of our services from 31 March 2025. This followed conversion kits pose a greater fire risk than purpose-
only form of unregulated transport in the capital, safety concerns after some non-foldable e-bikes built e-bikes, but it can be hard to differentiate between
there are inconsistencies in the way services caught fire while on the London transport system. them. Until improved product safety measures are in
operate, with some customers being overcharged place for converted cycles, batteries and chargers, it is
on fares, concerns about vehicles safety and The ban means that non-foldable e-bikes are no longer necessary to ban all non-folding e-bikes. We continue
complaints about loud music and poor driving. permitted on the Tube, London Overground, Elizabeth to engage with Government on these matters.
line and DLR. The ban also includes standard cycles
We will publish a consultation report that outlines that have been converted to e-bikes using conversion Non-foldable bikes were already banned on buses
the next steps on proposals to regulate pedicabs, kits. We worked closely with the London Fire Brigade and trams, and all e-bikes are banned on the IFS Cloud
improving safety for passengers and pedestrians, and our other partners to carry out a comprehensive Cable Car. Non-foldable e-bikes can be used on the
and ensuring pedicabs are driven, maintained and review of e-bike safety and their suitability for being Woolwich Ferry, some river and coach services, and the
operated professionally. taken on our transport network. Silvertown Tunnel cycle shuttle.

--- Page 22 ---
22 Safety Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Safety for all
Responding to the cyber security incident
We continue our work to keep
We worked around the clock to ensure our services were safe and could
our cuastomers and colleagues
continue to operate following a cyber attack in autumn 2024
safe and secure while in our
offices and on the network An unauthorised attempt to access our online systems By December, more than 33,000 Zip Oyster
in September 2024 caused inconvenience for our photocards, around 40,000 18+ Student Oyster
customers as new photocard applications, contactless photocards and more than 13,000 60+ London Oyster
journey histories and live travel data had to be photocards had been processed and dispatched.
temporarily suspended.
Access to both Oyster and contactless journey
Following the cyber incident, we took immediate action histories was also restored in December, so that
to secure our network, ensuring all safety-critical customers could correct incomplete journeys and
Installing CCTV in systems and processes were maintained. process service delay refunds if required.
our bus stops For security reasons, we had to suspend access to travel
concessions including the 11-15+ Zip Oyster photocard,
16+ Zip Oyster photocard, 18+ Student Oyster photocard
In November 2024, we launched a 12-month and the 60+ London Oyster photocard.
trial of CCTV at 20 bus shelters across London,
The photocard system reopened in a phased approach
together with the Metropolitan Police Service.
at the start of November, with applications opened
The trial is designed to improve passenger safety, for all concessions schemes later in the month. There
especially for women and girls, and ensure they was a dedicated webpage and emails sent out to keep
can travel with confidence 24 hours a day. customers informed. Refunds were given to customers
who had paid more for their travel than they should
The technology was tested at five bus shelters in have during the suspension period.
March, and a further 15 bus shelter locations were
fitted with CCTV across Brent, Croydon, Hackney,
Hammersmith and Fulham, Hillingdon, Lambeth,
Newham, Redbridge, Tower Hamlets, Waltham
Forest and Westminster.
The locations were chosen to provide broad
85,000
coverage across London and to understand the
effectiveness of CCTV in different areas. These
include busy locations with high footfall, quieter
locations with less-frequent bus services, higher
photocards dispatched by
crime areas, or locations where women and girls December 2024 since online
have reported feeling more unsafe. systems reopened
We worked to keep data safe during the attack

--- Page 23 ---
23 Safety Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Tackling violence
PPeeooppllee bbeehhiinndd and aggression
tthhee pprroojjeecctt
Incidents of violence and aggression towards
our staff increased by five per cent in
Manager Hannah Burnett is
2023/24, compared to 2022/23. In a bid to
impressed by the care and
tackle this, we launched a hard-hitting new
commitment to safety messaging campaign in August 2024.
It sends a strong message to offenders that
There is fantastic teamwork and
violence and aggression against colleagues
dedication across TfL to help tackle
is not tolerated and makes it clear that
hate crime, sexual harassment and We work closely with our policing partners both physical and verbal abuse is a criminal
workplace violence. We work with a
offence with consequences.
wide range of teams to raise awareness
of our zero-tolerance stance and The campaign uses examples of prosecutions
encourage active bystanders. to make it clear that such abuse has serious
consequences, including highlighting the
Encouraging customers to
Using advertising, press, social
case of one offender who received a 38-week
media, stakeholder and employee
become active bystanders prison sentence.
engagement, as well as our operational
teams, helps us land our messaging as
effectively as possible. The bystander We offer training to help educate people in
training has proved really effective in
ways to safely support people being harassed
helping to get our message out there, ‘ Over the last year, physical
even being picked up by the BBC.
incidents against our staff fell
We offered hundreds of free places to active bystander
Having joined TfL last year, I’ve been
training sessions to our customers during the year, as by 12 per cent. Ongoing efforts
really impressed by the teamwork,
part of our ongoing campaigns to tackle hate crime.
care and commitment to land such include awareness, prevention,
important messaging. We partnered with charity Protection Approaches to
training, support and offender
run the three-hour online training sessions, aimed at
helping people know what to do if they witness any management’
Hannah Burnett
form of harassment on the public transport network.
Customer Marketing
and Behaviour
Change Manager Participants explored different scenarios of hate crime
and harassment, discussed the meaning of being an
Siwan Hayward
‘active bystander’ and looked at how to support their
Director of Security,
fellow passengers on the network in a safe way. Policing and Enforcement

--- Page 24 ---
Our people
Ensuring our people
can be their best
25
Delivering for our colleagues
28
Culture of collaboration
30
A workplace for the future
32
Creating a lasting legacy

--- Page 25 ---
25 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
DDDeeellliiivvveeerrriiinnnggg
Delivering disability awareness training
fffooorrr ooouuurrr
We are working to ensure our people leaders have the knowledge to
help remove barriers for disabled people in the workplace
cccooolllllleeeaaaggguuueeesss
We have collaborated with our partner, Business We are committed to offering the disability
Disability Forum, to pilot and begin rolling out awareness training to 90 per cent of our people
Disability Awareness training sessions for all our leaders by March 2026.
people leaders.
Our disability eLearning, which is a prerequisite
We must ensure we are as diverse This training aims to go beyond our regular eLearning for taking part on this course, is available to all
course and empower and upskill our line managers colleagues. Since it launched, 64.1 per cent of our
as the city that we serve to ensure
with the knowledge, skills and confidence to recognise colleagues and 90.1 per cent of all our people leaders
we represent all Londoners and remove barriers for our disabled colleagues. have completed the eLearning.
‘ By ensuring our
organisation reflects
the diversity of the
city we serve, we aim
to make everyone
feel included and
empowered to
reach their career
90.1%
aspirations’
Fiona Brunskill
of our leaders have completed
Chief People Officer
Disability Awareness training
It is important that our people are aware of disability issues

--- Page 26 ---
26 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Supporting our colleagues Learning from our people
Gathering feedback from our colleagues
We continued to work on the three key commitments London is one of the most diverse cities in the world
is essential to ensure that we can strive
from our Colleague Strategy, which we launched in and we need to do all we can to reflect that in our
2023. These are creating an inclusive culture, providing own workforce representation. We are determined in to be a great place to work
a fair and attractive employee offer and supporting our efforts to ensure that we attract, develop, retain
everyone to achieve their work ambitions. and learn from the widest, most diverse pool of talent
Our annual staff engagement survey, Viewpoint,
that London has to offer.
Ultimately, we want to be recognised as one of the was open from 28 January to 28 February 2025.
best companies to work for in the UK, with employee This survey plays a vital role in shaping the future
engagement better than the UK-wide benchmark, of our organisation and making sure it is the best
while also ensuring that our organisation is reflective it can be for everyone.
of the diverse population of London.
This year, 61 per cent of colleagues completed
Diverse leaders the survey, giving us nearly 16,700 responses, up
from 58 per cent last year. Our engagement score
Based on those that shared their was 66 per cent, an increase of six per cent from
declaration data, this is how our senior last year.
leadership team looks in 2024/25
The responses will feed into our Colleague
Roadmap for 2025/26, as well as local people
plans and wider projects. The management of
34.6% 12.3% Viewpoint was brought in-house this year using
a new platform that offers greater flexibility in
are women are of a the questions and provides quicker results.
minority faith
20.9% 6.6%
are of a minority have declared
ethnicity a disability
5.8%
are lesbian, gay or bisexual, which
is above London economic average
We want TfL to be a great place for all people

--- Page 27 ---
27 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Looking after colleague Making workplace
health and wellbeing adjustments easier PPeeooppllee bbeehhiinndd
tthhee pprroojjeecctt
Our occupational health referrals in 2024/25 We want to ensure everyone can perform
covered a range of medical issues, including at their best by removing barriers
Helping our people is rewarding
musculoskeletal disorders, mental health
for Workplace Adjustments
support, including trauma-related symptoms and
cardiovascular disease. We carried out a number Our Action on Inclusion strategy committed Specialist Amrita Singh
of health checks through our well@tfl service. to making our reasonable adjustments process
These checks resulted in 40 per cent of cases more accessible and user-friendly for colleagues,
People are at the heart of any
being referred for onward support. Working with people leaders and stakeholder teams, and remove
successful organisation. Supporting
the London boroughs, we also provided NHS barriers colleagues face in the workplace.
colleagues and people leaders with
health checks for colleagues at work.
adjustments is essential because it
In April 2024, we implemented a new centralised
breaks down barriers, fosters inclusion
Throughout March 2025, some of our colleagues budget for adjustments, ensuring that adjustments
and ensures everyone can contribute.
were given access to automated health checks as would not be delayed by budget constraints and
part of a trial, which has helped identify potential to reflect a best practice approach. Centralising
My team works closely with colleagues
health problems. Following the success of the this support has improved the support and given
and their people leaders to listen,
trial, we will be investing in a mobile version of greater transparency of advice and guidance.
understand and respond to needs,
the kiosk that can be taken out to colleagues
delivering tailored solutions – from
To support this, we appointed a new specialist
across the organisation.
assistive software and specialised
adjustments team in October 2024. This team is
equipment to coaching.
also part of a cross-industry adjustments working
group with other travel industry partners, which
By improving our approach to
means they can share learning and best practices.
40% workplace adjustments, we help to
build a culture where every colleague
feels valued, confident, engaged and
supported, and never has to face
of well@tfl checks result in
obstacles alone.
onward support
Amrita Singh
Workplace Adjustments
Specialist
700
health checks carried out at
our well@tfl venues in 2024/25
We are making our reasonable adjustment process simpler

--- Page 28 ---
28 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Culture of
Creating job families across our organisation
collaboration
We have been working to ensure everyone receives fair
and balanced rewards for their work
We are continually developing and
As part of our commitment to provide a fair and The job families pay structure will enable closer
looking at our practices to ensure attractive employee offer, we consulted on how market alignment, more accurate pay positioning
to improve the way we manage pay. This included and reduce disparity in pay across the organisation.
we are a great place to work
feedback from colleagues and discussions with our This represents an important first step in
trade unions. improving pay management.
Throughout 2024/25, we worked to develop and Future developments will seek to improve how we
implement a pay structure based around job families manage individual pay positioning and progression
within our pay for performance and our senior to drive even greater consistency, fairness
manager reward frameworks, and transparency.
Group mentoring hub
We continue to maximise the benefit of the Greater
London Authority (GLA) group mentoring hub,
with more than 150 mentors and 230 mentees
signed up to our online platform. In collaboration
with other organisations in the GLA group, we
launched a Talent platform to facilitate the sharing
of secondments and permanent opportunities. We
have posted 38 permanent roles, four secondments
and two fixed-term contract opportunities.
150
mentors have signed up to
the GLA mentoring hub

--- Page 29 ---
29 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Supporting our people leaders
Anchors away
In 2024/25, we continued to support the
development of our managers and leaders
Continuing to tackle inequalities
through collaboration
We launched a new People Leader Foundation site,
bringing together all the training and resources into
We continued our work with the London Anchor a more accessible, one-stop shop with toolkits to
Institutions’ Network (LAIN), which is a collaborative help managers understand key topics.
group of some of the capital’s biggest organisations
Our Leading the Future group coaching programme
that aims to tackle inequalities through a range of
supported more than 700 managers with the
measures, including procurement and mentoring.
leadership skills and confidence they need to
We attended several small and medium-sized do their roles. We also launched a getting ready
enterprise supplier events, as well as supplier for senior leadership development programme
diversity sessions. We have reserved contracts for for 26 leaders looking to progress into senior
under-threshold spend for small and medium-sized leadership and director roles. The majority of
enterprises, as well as social enterprises. places were offered to individuals from protected
Our collaborative approach is helping Londoners
characteristics, ensuring a diverse and inclusive
We updated our supplier and bidders guidance for leadership pipeline.
tendering projects to help small and medium-sized
enterprises engage with the process more easily. We
have also reviewed the ways we can support small
and medium-sized enterprises through changes in
Working with our trade unions the Procurement Act 2023. 700+
Through the LAIN hiring and skills working group,
We continue to build and maintain positive and we have continued to support best practice in the
managers supported by our
constructive relationships with our trade union workplace, which this year included a focus on
coaching programme
colleagues, recognising them as key stakeholders in childcare. We have pledged to transfer up to £1m in
ensuring that TfL remains a great place to work. unspent apprentice levy funds to small and medium-
sized enterprises and organisations that support
We actively engage with trade unions, using our inclusivity and sustainability. We have so far pledged
well-established collective bargaining frameworks £410,000, including £127,000 for childcare providers.
to ensure that open lines of communication
26
are maintained. This helps to foster an environment The lessons we learnt from our internal
where concerns are heard and addressed, leading to sustainability training now informs the development
a more engaged and motivated workforce. of the LAIN climate literacy e-zone course. We also
contributed to a best practice publication in the use people were trained in
By working with representatives, who form the of diversity and inclusion data for LAIN organisations leadership development
collective voices of our workforce, we can tap into as we work to further improve inclusion.
their knowledge to provide more efficient services.

--- Page 30 ---
30 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
A workplace
New apprenticeships build skills for the future
for the future
In February 2025, we celebrated National Opportunities span from Level 2 to Level 6, with
Apprenticeship Week with the launch of 175 new Level 2 being the equivalent of five GCSEs and Level
apprenticeships, offering people of all ages the 6 equivalent to a degree. This year, we introduced
We are supporting the next generation chance to gain new skills for future careers while new qualifications, including Level 3 Boatmaster and
in employment. Level 3 Marine Engineer.
of people to forge careers in the
These apprenticeships, starting in September 2025, We are continually working to improve diversity across
transport industry across all levels
lead to industry-recognised qualifications in areas the transport industry at all levels. The proportion
such as track and asset maintenance, technology and of women in our apprenticeships has increased from
data, sustainability and river services. They cover our 20 per cent in 2018 to 28 per cent in 2024. Additionally,
major engineering projects that help to shape London, the number of apprentices declaring a disability has
like the Silvertown Tunnel. risen from four per cent to eight per cent.
Awards for our programmes
This year, we re-entered the Times Top 100
People behind the project
Graduate Employers list at 84, won the Times
Transport and Logistics Employer of Choice
award and also climbed from 70 to 54 in the top
Intern Danielle Adelaja is enjoying the opportunity to
100 Rate My Apprenticeship rankings.
develop her interests and skills while at work
We welcomed 88 graduates and 21 Interns
across various development programmes. One of the best parts of working at TfL is communications plans focused on safety.
Our new cohort reflects London’s diversity, the supportive culture. Regardless of role These plans have helped shape consistent
encompassing a wide range of ethnicities, faiths or team, everyone I’ve worked with has and coordinated messaging across internal
and sexual orientations. been approachable and genuinely invested teams and external channels – raising
in my development. awareness and aligning messaging across
the organisation.
During my placements in marketing and
53% corporate communications, my line
managers have encouraged me to build Danielle Adelaja
Stuart Ross Communications
new skills and take on work that aligns with
Internship
my interests. A highlight has been drafting
of our new apprentices were
from an ethnic minority

--- Page 31 ---
31 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
A fresh new look for our staff
Our new uniforms are helping to make it
easier for our customers to identify our
staff when they need assistance
In December 2024, we launched a refresh of staff
uniforms across the network to help make staff
more easily identifiable for customers, especially in
busier stations.
The new uniforms feature larger, brighter roundels
with better contrast and visibility, making them
easier to see for visually impaired customers.
With many of the items shared across different
services, the updated uniform brings everyone Our new uniforms are helping staff to stand out
We have programmes to support people into work working under the roundel closer together while
retaining the modal identities and colours on
the accessories.
The garments are made in soft yet durable fabrics,
chosen for their breathable qualities, and have
Supporting people into work
additional loops for carrying essential kit, with the ‘ Thoughtfully designed for
introduction of a range of new items to ensure the
improved functionality
uniform is as inclusive as possible including being
Our programmes are helping open career our first menopause-friendly uniform.
across the entire range and
opportunities and experiences for all
Sustainability is a priority and the new uniforms enhanced visibility for our
are delivered in larger batches by zero-emission
customers, this uniform
We welcomed 61 participants to our three vehicles while we phase out the old ones, helping
employability programmes: Steps into Work for to cut our environmental impact. embodies both community
neurodivergent individuals; Activate for those with
and innovation’
little to no work experience; and Reactivate for
people returning to work or needing UK experience.
51%
Progression into employment for these
programmes ranges from 50-64 per cent, with the
Jenney De Sousa
2024 starters receiving support for a year after
Brand Manager
of the materials used in the
completing their programmes.
new jackets are recycled

--- Page 32 ---
32 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Creating a
lasting legacy
London Transport Museum has
continued to educate, inspire and
entertain a range of Londoners
and guests throughout the year
430k
people and schools
visited London Transport
Museum in 2024/25
London Transport Museum showcases our rich transport heritage
Creating a lasting legacy Our new brand and vision for London Transport Museum
As major London attraction, it is important that the museum continues
The museum has clear aims around
to evolve and develop to engage new and existing audiences
protecting and enhancing our heritage
In July 2024, London Transport Museum’s CEO and As part of the new vision, the museum has plans to
London Transport Museum is a wholly owned
Director Elizabeth McKay unveiled a new brand and develop and scale up its community engagement,
subsidiary group within TfL Group and a registered
vision for the museum. This includes a new roundel learning and participation programming. These
charity. Its aims are to advance the heritage of
that reimagines Edward Johnston’s 100-year-old programmes include the range of skills and
transport in London and to educate people about
marque for a modern museum. Inspired by the vibrant employability offers for secondary school pupils,
the role of transport in the life and work of the
surrounds of the West End, the new vision outlines its industry-backed Enjoyment to Employment
capital in the past, present and future.
how the museum will bring more art, culture and and the sell-out Skills Late events that enable
The museum is governed by an independent design into its programming to engage new audiences young Londoners to learn more about some of the
Board of Trustees. with its collection. opportunities that are available.

--- Page 33 ---
33 Our people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Supporting charitable work
In 2024/25, London Transport Museum sold 41,878
tickets for its Hidden London tours, where guests can
access disused parts of the Underground network.
Profits for these tours are reinvested into the
museum’s charitable work.
As an education and heritage charity, the museum
delivers a range of learning, skills and employment
programmes on site and across London. In 2024/25,
13,999 primary school children and teachers took part
in the learning programmes at Covent Garden. Every
purchase made at London Transport Museum’s shop
or online helps support its work to conserve London’s
historic transport icons and charitable activity.
The Hidden London tours are hugely successful
Beck in time
Delivering social impact
Putting on a show to explore the life and
works of map designer Harry Beck
In January 2025, London Transport Museum held its
annual ‘Skills Late: Talent Transported’ event, giving
In September 2024, London Transport Museum
young people the chance to meet recruiting employers.
launched its first play, The Truth About Harry
The free event was supported by a number of industry
Beck, at the onsite Cubic Theatre.
partners and charities.
The play tells the story of the man who
The museum also held its Interchange event, a
designed the imaginatively simple London Tube
thought leadership programme. In 2024/25, roundtable
map back in 1933.
discussions and workshops brought leading thinkers
This was followed by the launch of classical and and decision makers together from across the transport
jazz music in the museum in February – with industry to talk about how long-term planning can meet
visitors able to enjoy live performances from passengers’ needs and make it easier for them to choose
rising stars against the unique backdrop of the green travel. These ideas were summarised in a new
historic vehicle collection. report called Making Transport Fit for the Future.
The Skills Late events are always well attended

--- Page 34 ---
A good public transport experience
Creating a network
for everyone
35
All change on the London Overground
37
A network for all
40
Developing our network
42
Successful services
44
Driving ahead
46
Cultural captial
47
London for everyone

--- Page 35 ---
35 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
AAllll cchhaannggee oonn
A successful launch
tthhee LLoonnddoonn
Following an extensive project, the new names for the London
Overground were officially launched at a special event
OOvveerrggrroouunndd
Having expanded over the years since its launch, our It was attended by Mayor Sadiq Khan along with
customers were finding it increasingly difficult to navigate representatives of each of the lines, including
the London Overground. After completing extensive entrepreneur and chef Levi Roots, singer Mica Paris
customer and stakeholder engagement to give each line a and Arthur Torrington CBE, co-founder and Director
unique name and colour, in November 2024, we launched of Windrush Foundation.
Celebrating the launch of the
the six new line names for the London Overground at a
new names and colours for the special event at Dalston Junction. The event marked the culmination of one of our
largest ever customer-focused projects, which
London Overground lines The event was an opportunity to celebrate London’s involved many teams across the organisation. The
incredible communities and to honour the groups and new lines have helped to make the network easier to
the people that inspired each of the six new names. navigate for millions of customers every year.
‘ We’re making the
London Overground
easier to use, while
also celebrating
the rich history and
diverse cultures of
the communities
along its routes’
Alex Williams
Chief Customer and
Strategy Officer
The names were launched by the Mayor at a ceremony in Dalston

--- Page 36 ---
36 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
The new names
Preparing for launch
There are now six names and colours
for the London Overground lines:
We spent many months preparing for
the launch to ensure the new names and
colours would benefit all customers
Liberty
There was an unprecedented amount of activity
in the build-up to the launch of the new London
Romford to Upminster
Overground line names, with new signs unveiled
across Tube stations, digital screens and onboard
information on trains. We also had to update
the audio and visual announcements on London
Lioness
Overground trains and stations, as well as making
the changes to the TfL website and TfL Go app.
Watford Junction to Euston
We ran an extensive customer engagement
campaign throughout the summer to help
customers familiarise themselves with the new
names and colours. This included special episodes Mildmay
of our ‘Mind the Gap’ podcast series featuring
interviews with representatives of each line. Richmond and Clapham
Junction to Stratford
We also launched six walking tours with
Go Jauntly along the routes of each of the lines,
organised a free community weaving event that
created a Weaver line roundel and ran a football Suffragette
festival in Regents Park as part of the Lioness
line celebrations. Gospel Oak to Barking Riverside
6,000
Weaver
Liverpool Street to Enfield Town,
Cheshunt and Chingford
new signs, maps and digital
screens were updated
Windrush
Representatives of each line attended the launch event in Dalston
Highbury & Islington to New Cross,
Clapham Junction, Crystal Palace
and West Croydon

--- Page 37 ---
37 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
A network
for all
We are working to ensure that
20%
all of our customers can make
the most of London’s public
transport network increase in number of step-
free stations since 2016
We want to ensure everyone can access our services
Freezing bus and tram fares Improving access at our stations
for another year
Our work to improve step-free access continues to help
even more Londoners to travel in London
In December 2024, Mayor Sadiq Khan announced
that bus and tram fares would be frozen for an
historic sixth time until March 2026. We continued our programme of work to improve We also set out our plans for the next 12 stations that
step-free access on the Underground network, with will be prioritised for step-free access in August 2024,
The move means that Londoners have been paying
construction work starting at a number of key stations. which includes North Acton, West Hampstead, Alperton,
the same fares since March 2023, keeping them
Arnos Grove and Eastcote. A further seven Tube stations
among the lowest in the UK and helping to boost In December 2024, we partially re-opened Colindale are being assessed for step-free access feasibility,
ridership on the bus network. station following a six-month closure to complete including Colliers Wood and Tooting Broadway.
the heavy construction. When the next stage of work
The freeze on bus and tram fares helps support
is complete, customers will be able to enjoy a new Our step-free access works at Tube stations are subject
lower-income and disabled Londoners, who are
landmark station building with a larger ticket hall to deliverability and funding, with schemes being
more likely to use bus and tram services as they
and lift, giving the station step-free access for the prioritised where third party funding is available.
are the most accessible way to get around London.
first time.
On the London Overground, we have been working to
All concessions, including Zip photocards, the
We also started step-free access work at Northolt upgrade Surrey Quays station, which includes a new
18+ Student photocard, the 18-25 Care Leavers
and Leyton stations in February 2025. Once complete, station entrance and step-free access. We installed a
photocard and the 60+ London photocard also
customers will benefit from a new, larger ticket hall at new bridge at the start of 2025 and the project is on
remained unchanged, providing free or discounted
Leyton and a new bridge at Northolt. schedule to be completed by summer 2026.
transport for millions of people.

--- Page 38 ---
38 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Paddington boost
We completed a major project to provide step-free access to the
Tube lines at Paddington station as part of a major overhaul
We opened a new ticket hall at Paddington Tube made it quicker and easier to navigate the station.
station in September, which gave customers direct Built as part of the Paddington Square development,
step-free access to the Bakerloo line for the first time we collaborated with our development partners
via two new lifts. to improve the overall customer experience in the
new ticket hall.
At more than three times the size of the previous
Bakerloo line ticket hall, the new entrance has The trial enabled more Londoners to travel safely
transformed the experience for customers.
The number of ticket gates has more than doubled, ‘ I am incredibly proud of the
from five to 11, while new and improved signs have
work we have achieved to
Assisting passengers
make Paddington station and
on the DLR
many others more accessible
for our customers’
In May, we launched a trial of pre-booked assistance
services on the DLR. It enabled customers who may
not otherwise choose to travel to book assistance
ahead of their journeys by phone or online.
Stuart Harvey
Chief Capital Officer The service was available seven days a week
between 07:00 and 19:00, with slots available to
book up to two hours ahead of journeys.
Customers were met at the start of their DLR
journey, or other requested location on the network,
by Access DLR staff, who would accompany them
2 throughout their DLR journey.
The Access DLR trial was open to anyone aged 18 and
over who need assistance, covering a wide range of
new lifts enable step-free needs including mobility, visual impairments and
access to the Bakerloo line
mental health.
We are making Paddington more accessible

--- Page 39 ---
39 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Improving toilet provision Promoting priority seating
on our network
We marked Priority Seating Week at the end of
In October 2024, we outlined the first phase September with a number of promotions to
of our bold plan to introduce new free-to- encourage customers to look up and offer their
use and accessible toilets, alongside continued seat to anyone who needs it more than them. We
refurbishment of existing toilets across the network. ran a competition for children to create artworks
that show or explain why it is important to
The plan outlined our commitment to make toilets offer seats to people who need them. Three
more accessible for everyone and closing the gap lucky children won tickets to one of Merlin
in existing toilet provision so that Tube, London Entertainments attractions in London.
Overground and Elizabeth line customers are always
within 20 minutes of a toilet without having to We also marked the week by announcing plans
change train. to trial new signs and designs on DLR trains to
highlight priority seat locations and encourage
As part of the plans, we announced a shortlist people to look up and offer their seat.
of locations that will get new toilets in the first Our priority seats give people confidence to travel
round of works. We also updated the Toilet Tube Priority seating is designed to help customers
map, which shows all the toilet facilities across our who are less able to stand, including those with
network, including baby changing facilities and those non-visible conditions, pregnant customers and
which are wheelchair accessible. This information those with small children and older people.
was also added to the TfL Go app.
‘ Making the public transport
146 152,000
network accessible for all is a
top priority for the Mayor, and
toilets available on the network Please offer me a seat badges have been Londoners can play their part by
at sites that we manage issued since they launched in 2017
being aware of who’s around them
and offering their seat to those
who need it more’
£3m 880,000
per year over five years from the Baby on board badges issued
Seb Dance
Mayor for toilet provision, the in the last eight years
Deputy Mayor for Transport
biggest investment ever

--- Page 40 ---
40 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Developing
our network
PPeeooppllee bbeehhiinndd
tthhee pprroojjeecctt
We are working to create a Transport Planner Dermot
Hanney believes the BL1 bus
public transport network that
route will be a flagship service
delivers for our customers
now and into the future
I worked on developing our proposals
for the Bakerloop express bus route,
linking Lewisham, Old Kent Road,
Our Superloop routes are proving popular
Elephant and Castle and Waterloo. This
involved defining the preferred route
option, working with other teams and
local authorities, and then launching
a public consultation to engage with
Londoners and other key stakeholders.
Staying in the loop
Working closely with colleagues, we
have been able to shape a bus service
The Superloop network of express bus routes is improving journeys and that will deliver faster journey times
opening up more areas of London for even more customers and support growth.
It’s been a privilege to help deliver such
In July 2024, we celebrated the first anniversary of weekday demand of all Superloop routes, with an an important route that will improve
the Superloop express bus network. The network 18 per cent increase between June 2023 and May 2024. accessibility and enable growth.
connects people across outer London using it with
310 other bus routes, 49 rail stations and 23 rail lines, We have consulted on plans to expand the Superloop
improving outer London’s connectivity. service. This included a consultation on proposals for
a new bus service called the Bakerloop, which would
Dermot Hanney
There was an average increase in passengers on all follow the same route as the proposed Bakerloo line Transport Planner
Superloop corridors, including parallel routes, since Tube extension from Elephant & Castle to Lewisham.
the June 2023 baseline of 11 per cent, which is nine per
cent higher than the network average. We also consulted on proposals for the SL11 services,
which would run between North Greenwich and
The SL8 route, which runs between Uxbridge and Abbey Wood, via Woolwich and Thamesmead, and on
White City, was the first route to be branded as the SL12 route, a new express service between Gants
the Superloop service and has the highest average Hill and Rainham, via Romford.

--- Page 41 ---
41 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Train tests on the Progress at Pontoon Dock Staying connected
Piccadilly line on our services
Boosting accessibility and improving
services on the DLR network
We welcomed the first new Piccadilly line test In 2024/25, we continued working with our partners
train into London in autumn 2024 for a programme Boldyn Networks to introduce high-speed mobile
of intensive testing. Our project to improve accessibility and increase coverage across the Elizabeth line and the Tube,
capacity at Pontoon Dock DLR station moved with mobile coverage introduced on all underground
The new trains will transform journeys for a step closer in March 2025 when we secured areas of the Elizabeth line.
millions of customers on the Piccadilly line. £12m in funding from Homes England. We are in
The nine-carriage trains will increase capacity the final stages of securing a further £21m from The work on the Elizabeth line was completed just
by around 10 per cent and feature walk-through, other partners. in time for Christmas, meaning customers could
air-conditioned carriages, wider all-double stay connected as they enjoyed all the festive events
doorways, enhanced digital display screens and The developments at the station, which include and shopping that London has to offer.
on-train CCTV cameras. The trains are lighter new escalators to the platforms, will help unlock
than existing designs which means they are more around 6,000 new homes. We awarded a detailed We also expanded coverage along the Northern line
energy efficient and provide a smoother ride for design and build contract to Morgan Sindall in towards Embankment, as well as on the southern
customers, consuming 20 per cent less energy. April 2025. section of the line between Kennington and Balham.
The test train was the first of a fleet of 94 new Elsewhere on the DLR, we continue our work to We also made progress on the Bakerloo, Piccadilly
trains that are being built by Siemens Mobility introduce 54 new trains to replace the 33 oldest and Victoria lines, with a number of stations getting
to replace the existing fleet, which is nearly 50 trains in the fleet, with a further 21 helping to boost coverage, including Hyde Park Corner, Piccadilly
years old. Around 80 per cent of the new trains overall capacity by 50 per cent. We are on track to Circus, Charing Cross, Covent Garden and Russell
will be built at Siemens Mobility’s new factory in deliver these trains by the end of 2026. Square. Further tunnelled sections across central
Goole, East Yorkshire, which was officially opened London were also completed, including to the
in October 2024. This is an example of how our Bakerloo line for the first time between Oxford
investment in transport is helping to support Circus and Embankment.
growth in the wider UK economy.
The four mobile network operators – Three UK, EE,
Once all of the new Piccadilly trains are in service, Vodafone, and Virgin Media O2 (VMO2) – are taking
the frequency of trains will increase from the part in the rollout.
current 24 trains per hour to 27 trains per hour.
41%
20%
of stations in the mobile
less energy used by the new coverage project have
Piccadilly line trains been completed

--- Page 42 ---
42 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Successful
Assessing the success of the Elizabeth line
services
The Elizabeth line celebrated its second anniversary with figures
showing that it has become the busiest railway in the UK
We celebrated a number
We celebrated the two-year anniversary of the opening of access to employment around Abbey Wood and
of notable landmarks and the Elizabeth line in May 2024, with data showing that it a six per cent uplift in job accessibility along the
has become the single busiest railway service in the UK as Heathrow terminals branch. Overall, 62 per cent
anniversaries across a range of
it transformed travel through central London. of customers surveyed say that the opening of the
services throughout the year railway has had a positive impact on their access to
The success of the line, as outlined in our report employment opportunities.
‘Evidencing the value of the Elizabeth line’, has seen it
help in the creation of jobs, homes and other forms The line has also helped boost housing, with an
of regeneration across the capital. The evaluation increase in housing growth within one kilometre
study found that there was an 11 per cent increase in of an Elizabeth line station.
People behind the project
Customer Experience Manager Hayley Ingle has seen how
the Elizabeth line is helping to improve all of London
Witnessing the continued growth and It’s rewarding to see how our efforts
success of the Elizabeth line over the past are not only improving daily journeys
year has been truly inspiring. but also shaping a more connected and
accessible future for everyone who relies
I get to work closely with our operator on the Elizabeth line.
to ensure we continue to enhance the
customer experience, not just in central
Hayley Ingle
London, but across communities to the
Customer Experience
west and east too. Manager
The Elizabeth line has transformed travel in London

--- Page 43 ---
43 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Fares history on TfL Go Celebrating a special Jubilee
We are always looking for ways to improve The transformational Jubilee line extension
our journey planning app and give our reached a significant milestone this year
customers even better functions
We marked the 25th anniversary of the Jubilee
We upgraded our free TfL Go journey planning line extension in May 2024 with a series of special
app in January to enable customers to check their ‘Jubilee 25’ posters that were displayed along the
contactless and Oyster accounts while on the length of the line.
move, without having to do so via the TfL website
The extension, which began in May 1999, saw 11
or Oyster and contactless app.
new stations created. Each station was designed
Customers can also check and apply for a refund by different architects under the guidance of
for any incomplete journeys, top up pay as you go Roland Paoletti, with futuristic styles to ring in the
credit and buy adult-rate season tickets for their new millennium.
Oyster card via the app. We added key functions to the TfL Go app
Each of the new stations also offers step-free
access from the street to the platforms, with lifts,
ramps and level surfaces enabling people with
accessibility needs to travel more easily.
‘ By providing up-to-date
information on their journeys,
as well as detailed real-time 1.2m The Jubilee line is the only line that
provides interchanges with every Tube
accessibility information,
line and the DLR, as well as six national
we can help make it easier rail stations, London Overground stations
regular TfL Go users
and the Elizabeth line.
for customers to move around
the city’
118
9m
Emma Strain
Customer Director
escalators across the Jubilee
times that the TfL Go app has
line, as well as 34 lifts
been downloaded

--- Page 44 ---
44 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Driving
Keeping traffic flowing smoothly across the capital
ahead
In June 2024, we completed a switch over of our Almost 4,000 junctions, 1,500 pedestrian crossings,
ageing traffic signal system to a new cloud-based and more than 16,000 traffic detectors across
real-time optimiser system, with our partner Yunex Greater London were seamlessly migrated to a
We are responsible for keeping Traffic Limited. new system without any impact on London’s road
network over a two-week period.
the traffic moving throughout
This world-leading upgrade to London’s road
network management has improved journey times,
London’s road network as 6,400
traffic flows and responses to incidents, as well
effectively as possible as improving data on journey demand and road
network patterns, which will help inform our work
to optimise the road network. signal sites that we manage
across London
Extended hours on the Supporting the taxi and
Woolwich Ferry private hire industries
In May, we introduced a new and enhanced In March 2025, we published a new Taxi and private
timetable on the Woolwich Ferry, with services hire action plan, which sets out our vision for these
operating for longer across the week. services. We have developed actions that set out
how we will make being a taxi or private hire driver an
The new two-vessel service operates longer
attractive career option, ensuring everyone feels safe
hours on weekdays and weekends, with services
while travelling, maintaining high standards of service,
running every 15 minutes from 05:00 to 21:00,
and reducing the environmental impact of the industry.
seven days a week. The improved timetable was
introduced following customer research that We engaged with stakeholders, the wider industry and
showed a demand for longer operating hours. customers, and will work with the taxi and private hire
industries, boroughs and passenger groups to deliver
The Woolwich Ferry is a free service that
the plan over the next five years. In February 2025,
provides an important link from Woolwich to
we launched a new licensing system. Unfortunately,
North Woolwich for thousands of passengers
the launch and our recovery from the cyber incident
every day, carrying pedestrians, cyclists, cars,
affected processing times for some licensees and we
vans and lorries.
apologise to anyone affected.
We want to ensure the future of London’s taxis

--- Page 45 ---
45 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Silvertown and Blackwall Tunnels user charging consultation
The Silvertown Tunnel is a major project that will help us to alleviate
congestion in other parts of London and help us better manage demand
In November 2024, we set out our recommendation for It followed a public consultation during summer 2024, which
the package of discounts, exemptions and charges for proposed an off-peak rate of £1.50 for cars, motorcycles and
the Silvertown and Blackwall tunnels, ahead of the new small vans using Autopay, with peak charges being £1 more
Silvertown Tunnel opening in April 2025. The charges than standard off-peak charges for motorcycles and an
are to cover the construction costs and help deliver the extra £2.50 for cars and small vans.
benefits of the tunnel.
To help residents and businesses, and to support people to
The charging sees a user charge introduced for those use new public transport connections, we outlined a wide
using the Silvertown and Blackwall tunnels between range of concessions and discounts, including a 50 per cent
06:00 and 22:00, seven days a week. discount for low-income residents in 12 east and southeast
London boroughs and the City of London.
People behind the project
Delivering the benefits of the tunnel for Londoners was the driving
force for Local Engagement Manager Maresa Donagh
I worked on the Silvertown Tunnel user will help us manage traffic. We also aligned
charge consultation, engaging with local the scheme with new public transport
residents and businesses to ensure they options to encourage people to use these
understood the benefits that the new exciting new cross river connections. It’s
1.4km
tunnel will bring to Londoners, such as been a privilege to help deliver a major new
cutting congestion, improving air quality infrastructure scheme that supports equity
and making journeys more reliable. and sustainability.
is the overall length of the
Through the consultation, we shaped a Maresa Donagh Silvertown Tunnel
fair and balanced charging structure that Local Engagement Manager

--- Page 46 ---
46 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Cultural
capital
We have supported a
number of creative projects
that bring the arts to our
customers as they travel
through London
Ahmet Öğüt’s work explores the power of art
Poetry in motion Artistic licence
We continued to showcase the best in poetry as In January 2025, we announced the latest commissions by British artist and photographer Joy Gregory.
part of our Poems on the Underground series, from Art on the Underground, as part of the 25th Recruitment company Reed continues to sponsor
which this year included live performances at anniversary of the scheme. the programme into 2025.
Covent Garden in June from writer and poet Nii
Ayikwei Parkes and Imtiaz Dharker, co-director of The series launched with a piece by Ahmet Öğüt that
Poems on the Underground, along with staff from called on Londoners to share moments when art ‘ Art on the Underground has
the station. In autumn 2024, our poems explored has saved them. We also announced a new sound
been bringing leading international
themes of memory, loss and alternate lives, with installation at Waterloo station by Rory Pilgrim and a
poetry from Fleur Adcock, Gabeba Baderoon, and new pocket Tube map by Agnes Denes. artists to the spaces of the Tube
Osip Mandelstam.
for 25 years’
The 2025 programme followed a series of works
In February 2025, we also launched poems on the introduced in 2024, including the permanent mosaic
Tube, London Overground and Elizabeth line from ‘Angels of History’ by Quinlan and Hastings at St
Bei Dao, George Herbert, Li-Young Lee and Sujata James’s Park; ‘Three Women’, a mural at Brixton Tube
Eleanor Pinfield
Bhatt. This followed live performances from Niall station by Turner Prize nominee Claudette Johnson; Head of Art on the
Campbell, Imtiaz Dharker and Foyle Young Poet and ‘A Taste of Home’, a series of artworks in the Underground
Lewis Corry, at Covent Garden station. rotunda at Heathrow Terminal 4 Underground station

--- Page 47 ---
47 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
London for
Getting into the
everyone
carnival spirit
Notting Hill Carnival is a massive
cultural event in London that we were
We continued to ensure
proud to support again this year
customers could enjoy all the
great events in the capital by We took part in the celebrations for Notting Hill
Carnival in August, teaming up with Windrush
travelling on public transport
Generation Legacy Association to appear in Mas
band Masology’s float. The theme was Return
to the Motherland, which celebrated Caribbean
culture and heritage.
Bus operators Go Ahead London decorated a
bus in special carnival-inspired designs, which
featured in the main parade. Our people were out in force for Pride in London
We also teamed up with Anthony Nolan, the
stem cell transplant charity and our staff
donated proceeds from the sale of Notting Hill
Carnival 2024 pin badges.
Showing our Pride
We issued travel advice for the weekend to
ensure customers could travel to the carnival
safely, advising them of alternative stations and As part of our celebrations for Pride, we
quieter times to travel. launched a series of photographic portraits at
Vauxhall and Victoria Tube stations showcasing
the impact volunteering has on the LGBTQ+
community in London.
1966
Our staff, along with seven grassroots LGBTQ+
groups including Pink Singers and Skate Gals &
Pals, were recognised for their work through
was the first year Notting Hill the portraits.
Carnival took place
We also worked with the London College of
Fashion to develop a dress for the figurehead of
our float for the Pride parade.

--- Page 48 ---
48 A good public transport experience Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Positive partnerships Supporting London Poppy Day
We continued to work with some of London’s We again supported the fundraising efforts
biggest destinations as part of our partnerships as part of London Poppy Day
programme, giving customers discounted entry to
some of London’s most popular attractions.
Customers on our Tube and rail services were
Among the highlights were partnerships with treated to a specially recorded message from
HMS Belfast, one of the most famous sights on comedian and musician Bill Bailey as part of our
the Thames. Customers could enjoy two-for-one work to support London Poppy Day in October.
entry to this floating museum when they travelled
there using the TfL network. Elsewhere, actor, author, presenter and the Royal
British Legion’s Ambassador Ross Kemp was on
We also partnered with the Old Royal Naval hand to support the collections at Charing Cross
Stars of The Play That Goes Wrong took on the Tube
College to offer customers a 30 per cent discount Underground station.
on entry to the Painted Hall at this UNESCO
World Heritage Site. We wrapped buses in special poppy designs, as
well as displaying poppy roundels on Tube and rail
Customers could also enjoy discounted entry at services and at stations. The gondolas on the IFS
five of Merlin Entertainments biggest attractions Cloud Cable Car were wrapped with poppy designs, All the world’s a stage
– Madame Tussauds London, SEA LIFE London and the Woolwich Ferry and other river services
Aquarium, Lastminute.com London Eye, the flew flags in support of the appeal. Victoria Coach
London Dungeon and Shrek’s Adventure! London. Station featured poppy-themed roundels.
We offered Londoners the chance to enjoy
Plus, customers could travel back in time and some live theatre over Christmas
enjoy two-for-one entry at three of London’s
historic royal palaces when using public transport
In December, we partnered with The Play That
to travel there. Customers could visit the home
Goes Wrong to launch a 10 per cent discount on
of Henry VIII at Hampton Court Palace, and get
Theatre Tokens.
lost in the history of the Tower of London and
Kensington Palace.
The cast from The Play That Goes Wrong
attempted to navigate their way around our
network to find their way to the West End, with
characteristically hilarious outcomes. Luckily,
2 for 1
our staff were on hand to guide them through
the process.
This was the third festive season that we have
entry at London’s major
attractions when customers use partnered with Official London Theatre to offer
our network to travel there discounts on Theatre Tokens ahead of Christmas.

--- Page 49 ---
Healthy Streets and healthy people
Encouraging greener
and active travel
50
Cleaning the air
52
Pedal power
54
Creating a sustainable future
56
Adapting for the future
58
Growing on success

--- Page 50 ---
50 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
CClleeaanniinngg
Assessing the impact of the ULEZ
tthhee aaiirr
We have seen huge improvements in air quality since the
Ultra Low Emission Zone was first introduced
In March 2025, the GLA published a report that showed the Greater London boundary 14 per cent
Our Ultra Low Emission Zone, a huge majority of vehicles driving in the expanded lower on average in 2024, when compared with
London-wide Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) were estimates if there was no ULEZ. Importantly,
which was expanded across
compliant with the requirements. London’s more deprived communities are
London, is helping more people seeing greater benefits from ULEZ. Nitrogen
As well as helping to reduce nitrogen dioxide levels oxide emissions are estimated to be between
to breathe clean air
within the zone, areas outside London are also seeing nine and 15 per cent lower across all boroughs
the impacts of the ULEZ, with concentrations of than would have been expected without the
roadside nitrogen dioxide within five kilometres of London-wide ULEZ expansion.
Making construction cleaner
‘ I am grateful that
more Londoners are
able to breathe cleaner In February 2025, we launched the UK’s first
trial of mobile charging for zero-emission
air and schemes like
construction vehicles.
the expanded ULEZ
Working with the construction industry, this
are helping to achieve pioneering trial included an excavator and wheel
loader, equipment that is traditionally powered
this by removing older,
by fossil fuels. The trial was a first of its kind for
more polluting cars us. The method of recharging enables real-time
updates on the machines’ charging levels when
from our roads.’
on-site, which feeds into a team who can then
send a charging van to the site, with vehicles being
recharged in an hour. The trial took place across
Claire Mann
three sites over an 11-week period.
Chief Operating Officer
All vehicles in London should be as green as possible

--- Page 51 ---
51 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Enforcement against Winding down the ULEZ
persistent ULEZ penalty scrappage scheme
charge evaders
In September 2024, our scrappage scheme for
non-compliant ULEZ vehicles was closed to new
In October 2024, we stepped up our enforcement
applicants, with more than 54,000 applications
against drivers who persistently evade penalty
approved to help people switch to cleaner,
charge notices for ULEZ contraventions.
greener modes of transport. The scheme opened
in January 2023 and was expanded to cover all
We tripled the number of people in our
Londoners with eligible non-compliant vehicles
investigations team to boost the work with
ahead of the launch of the London-wide ULEZ.
enforcement agents to target those in polluting
vehicles that refuse to pay the daily charges.
From March 2024, we also supported the option
for people wishing to donate their vehicle to
Our staff work proactively with the registered
Ukraine in return for the same level of grant
keeper to reach a solution, including setting up
payment as scrapping their vehicle. More than 600
payment plans where appropriate, to make fines
vehicles have been donated through the scheme
more manageable.
Decarbonising our buses
by the end of March 2025.
We continue to make our fleet of buses
even cleaner and greener
97% £188m+
In November 2024, we launched new tram-like buses
to one of London’s longest bus routes, number 358,
which runs between Crystal Palace and Orpington.
of vehicles seen driving in committed to supporting
the ULEZ comply with the the scrappage scheme
The new buses are powered by pantograph
emissions standards
technology, which enables fast, high-power charging
at each end of the 15-mile journey through an arm-
like structure attached to the bus roof. Charging
takes as little as six minutes, which means drivers
£700k do not need to return to garages to recharge. Our 36,000+
fleet of 9,000 buses is 100 per cent low emission, of
which 1,900 are fully zero-emission, and we continue
to work with operators to transition the entire
recouped by sale of vehicles Londoners had their application
fleet and all the supporting infrastructure, such as
belonging to persistent approved to scrap or donate their
non-payers in a year garages, to zero-emission at tailpipe. non-compliant car or motorcycle

--- Page 52 ---
52 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Pedal power
Community grants to further
boost walking and cycling
We have a range of projects that
are designed to encourage even
We want to encourage more groups to be
more Londoners to enjoy the
able to enjoy the benefits of walking and
benefits of cycling
cycling in the capital
In July, we opened applications for our Walking
and Cycling Grants London scheme. Together with
the London Marathon Foundation, we made more
than £580,000 available to fund walking, cycling
and community ideas to help increase participation
Free riding on Sundays
among traditionally underrepresented groups.
The 55 successful new projects were unveiled in We want more people to have the confidence to cycle
December 2024 and included projects that improve
We encouraged Londoners to make the most
participants’ confidence in walking and cycling in
of our Santander Cycles scheme with free and
London, while enabling people to connect with their
unlimited rides every Sunday in June 2024.
local communities, learn new skills, and improve
The offer gave people the chance to make an their physical and mental health.
unlimited number of 30-minute rides for free as
More than £328,000 of the funding was awarded to ‘ Local community organisations
part of our TfL Cycle Sundays promotion.
134 existing projects, to continue their important
can play a vital role in enabling
The scheme was developed in collaboration with work in the community. Among the schemes to
leading cycling organisations and aimed to offer receive funding were the London Hand Cycling Club, more people to choose
beginner-friendly routes in London, backed up by a Positive Black Hikers, Babes on Bikes, Silver Cycling
walking and cycle for shorter
range of support to make it even easier to try out and BAME Women’s Bicycling Initiative.
cycling for the first time. This included park rides in journeys, particularly from
Greenwich and Battersea, and an accessible cycle
groups that have historically
tour of Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park.
been under-represented’
900 1.3m
Will Norman
Walking and Cycling
e-bikes were added to our Santander daily cycle journeys took Commissioner
Cycles scheme in July 2024 place in 2024

--- Page 53 ---
53 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
PPeeooppllee bbeehhiinndd
tthhee pprroojjeecctt
Encouraging people to cycle is a
huge motivation for Strategy and
Policy Manager Jenny Nguyen
My favourite thing about working in
the cycling team is the people I get
to work with. From my own team,
other teams within TfL, to working
with borough officers, everyone is
passionate about delivering safe and
inclusive cycling infrastructure.
It has been great to see not only
the uptake in cycling, but also the
expansion of the Cycleways network.
This has helped to create sustainable
attractive places in London where
people want to live, work and visit.
Jenny Nguyen
Strategy and
Policy Manager
Expanding our
Cycleways network
In June 2024, we launched 10 new Cycleways
across London, connecting communities in
areas including Stratford, New Cross, Barnet,
Walthamstow and Ealing. This was followed
up in October with eight new or expanded Key:
Cycleways across the capital.
Strategic cycle network
35km as of March 2024
The new Cycleways enable Londoners to
travel more easily and safely around the New Cycleways
capital and contribute to our target of having completed in 2024/25
40 per cent of Londoners living within 400
added to our strategic cycle network New Cycleways expected to
metres of the strategic cycle network by 2030. through the new Cycleways be completed by Autumn 2025

--- Page 54 ---
54 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Creating a
Validating our carbon targets
sustainable
We are always looking for the best-practice approaches
to help us actively measure our carbon footprint
future
Our near and long-term targets to reduce greenhouse Our net-zero target is in line with limiting global
gases and reach net zero were validated by the Science warming to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels,
Based Target initiative in 2024/25. which meets the goals of the Paris Agreement.
We are working to reduce our
It is the first time we have set near and long-term The Science Based Target initiative is a climate-action
emissions reduction targets across all areas of our organisation that provides a number of validated
carbon footprint across all our
business, extending beyond our own vehicle fleet and standards, tools and guidance that are designed to
transport modes and in our major buildings to include contracted services, construction help companies and organisations to reduce their
projects and our supply chain. carbon emissions.
development projects
Climate risk assessment
In December 2024, we submitted our Adaptation
Reporting Power to the Department for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. This process
happens every five years and helps inform the UK’s
national climate risk assessment.
Our submission outlined our climate risk
governance, as well as our own climate risk
assessment and adaptation actions. It built on
our 2021 report to include new business areas,
additional climate risks and interdependencies.
2040
We disclose our work against the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures framework,
which outlines our work to address climate-related is our target to achieve
risks and opportunities. Our overview can be net-zero for greenhouse
gas emissions
found in our 2024/25 Statement of Accounts.

--- Page 55 ---
55 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Decarbonising our estate
We are always looking for ways to improve the sustainability of our
buildings and have trialled innovative approaches to reduce our carbon
As part of our work to improve energy efficiency across In the long term, this will extend the lifespan of our
all our buildings, we signed up to the Better Buildings equipment and generate even greater savings with less
Partnership’s climate change commitment, enabling us need for maintenance and repair.
to work with our peers to improve our buildings and their
energy suppliers, while being transparent on our progress. With support from the Department for Energy Security
and Net Zero’s Public Sector Decarbonisation Scheme,
During 2024, we trialled a groundbreaking project at we are transforming some buildings on our estate. This
our Stratford office that uses smart sensors to adjust includes the London Trams depot at Therapia Lane, where
ventilation, cooling and heating based on the number of we are removing the use of fossil fuels wherever feasible.
people in the building. The initiative is being extended to This project includes installing a mix of low-carbon heating
other sites across our estate after the year-long pilot. It systems, such as heat pumps and infrared panel heaters
Shining a light on solar is predicted this innovation will save the equivalent of instead of inefficient fossil fuel gas boilers. There are also
140 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions annually, which is south-facing roof solar panels, improved insulation and
farm development about 20 car journeys around the Earth. LED lighting.
In October 2024, we invited bidders to become
our delivery partner to work collaboratively with
us to develop purpose-built solar farms for our
transport network.
Lighting up King’s Cross
The delivery partner will design and deliver
proposals for solar developments and explore
In February 2025, we completed the
ways of developing and connecting solar
installation of 6,000 light emitting diode
infrastructure near our network. This will
(LED) bulbs at King’s Cross St Pancras
contribute to our wider ambition of using 100
Underground station, giving customers
per cent renewable source electricity across our
brighter journeys through the station and
operations by 2030.
using up to 60 per cent less energy.
It was the latest in 120 stations that we
64mw have designated for upgraded lighting
and is expected to save 1400MWh per
year, which is equivalent to powering 500
homes a year. It is also expected to save
of clean energy could be
almost 300 tonnes of CO e and up to
produced from our solar farm 2
£455,000 annually.
King’s Cross station is brighter and more environmentally friendly

--- Page 56 ---
56 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Adapting for
the future
Ensuring our network can support
Londoners now and in future years
10%
increase in schools
receiving our highest
Gold accreditation in
2024 from 2023
We want to help the next generation to choose active travel
Supporting greener Travel for Life
New look for Old Street We work with many London schools to encourage and reward
active and low-carbon travel options
In October 2024, we completed the transformation
In May 2024, we held our Travel for Life Top Schools This year saw entries from 200 schools, with the
of Old Street roundabout and station, with a new
Awards event to recognise the schools that have gone winning schools in seven categories being presented at
road layout, public spaces, safer walking and cycling
the extra mile to champion active and safe travel. a special ceremony at Kia Oval.
routes and new station entrances.
Our Travel for Life programme supports the next As well as the category winners, 20 other schools
We created segregated cycle lanes, wider footways
generation of Londoners to travel towards a brighter, were recognised at the ceremony for their impressive
and new pedestrian crossings, which have improved
safer and more sustainable future. By completing achievements towards increasing active and sustainable
access to the station and made it easier to walk
activities that promote walking and cycling to school and travel to and from their schools. The programme is
in the area. The new public space includes seating
the safe use of public transport, primary and secondary delivered by London Transport Museum in partnership
areas, picnic benches, rain gardens, planting, cycle
schools can become Bronze, Silver or Gold accredited. with London’s Borough Officers.
parking and security bollards.

--- Page 57 ---
57 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Improving drainage
across our network
Sustainable
Our drainage systems are helping to make drainage systems
our roads network more resilient to an ever-
By mimicking natural processes,
changing climate
SuDS such as permeable pavements
and rain gardens, help to slow
We continued our programme of work to install down and reduce surface water
sustainable drainage systems (SuDS) at key locations runoff into our drainage networks.
across London throughout the year to help reduce When installed at scale, they can
the risk of flooding and improve climate resilience. help reduce the risk of flooding
across London and our network.
In October 2024, we completed work on the Where vegetation is included, it
Marylebone Flyover raingarden, with more than also supports biodiversity and
3,500 square metres of water collection area, helps improve the look of the area.
making it the largest SuDS in central London.
The porous rain garden, which is on the site of the
Joe Strummer Subway where the late punk star
was known to busk before he found fame with The
Clash, is the size of 10 New Routemaster buses and
also boasts trees, shrubs and perennial plants.
People behind the project
Work is under way on the London Road Roundabout
in Twickenham, which includes installing almost
1,400 square meters of SuDS catchment.
Senior Engineer Gabriel Cooke is excited to see how the
We also installed SuDS as part of our work to raingarden projects develop across our network
refurbish Cromwell Road bus station in Kingston,
which opened in November 2024.
I saw the potential to create a raingarden is increasingly important as rainstorms get
As well as the improved drainage, the energy in the disused subway in Marylebone more intense. I’m now building a portfolio
efficient building boasts enhanced LED lighting, and, with support from colleagues, we of raingardens, proving what’s possible
CCTV and a new canopy in the waiting area to keep overcame several technical barriers and and paving the way for future sustainable
customers warm and dry. made it happen. projects. Momentum is growing and I’m
excited to see where it leads.
The raingarden brings greenery to the
area and provides a practical purpose,
Gabriel Cooke
easing pressure on the sewer network by
Senior Engineer,
holding rainwater at surface level, which Highways and Traffic

--- Page 58 ---
58 Healthy Streets and healthy people Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Growing
Wildflower power
on success
We continue to increase our wildflower verge coverage as we
look to boost biodiversity across the capital
We are developing our estate of
For the second year running, we doubled the size of our We reduce mowing at our wildflower verge sites
wildflowers and blooms to help wildflower verges to more than 260,000 square metres to enable the flowers to grow, but we continue to
in 2024 as part of our pledge to increase biodiversity, regularly mow the edges to ensure the streets are well
boost biodiversity in London
mitigate against climate change and become resilient. maintained and safe.
Wildflower verges encourage biodiversity and boosts the We have wildflower verges across the network,
number of plants and wildlife, leading to greater amounts including Gants Hill Roundabout in Redbridge,
of carbon being stored in the soil, as well as supporting Clockhouse Roundabout in Feltham and the A21
pollinators such as bees and butterflies. Sevenoaks Road in Bromley.
Blooming marvels
We announced the winners of our annual
‘In Bloom’ competition in September, which
encourages green-fingered staff across our
transport network to transform parts of stations,
offices and depots into colourful gardens of
flowers, fruits, vegetables and air-purifying plants.
There were awards in a range of categories, from
indoor gardens and hanging baskets to larger
cultivated gardens. Northwick Park Underground
station won the theme ‘Gardens of The Future’
award by planting adaptable, sustainable and
edible plants. The planting provides a model
for maximising small green spaces across the
transport network. Upminster depot won the 700
‘Best in Show’ award. The In Bloom competition
started in 1910 by the District Railway, and we have
kept the tradition alive, often working with local
plant species are
residents and businesses. This year saw more than
supported across
60 entries from across the city.
our estate
Our wildflower verges are home to a wealth of wildlife

--- Page 59 ---
New homes and jobs
Supporting business
and creating homes
60
Delivering for London
62
Spaces for businesses
64
Delivering for the future

--- Page 60 ---
60 New homes and jobs Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
DDDeeellliiivvveeerrriiinnnggg
Pushing ahead with Places for London
fffooorrr LLLooonnndddooonnn
Our commercial property company continues to develop and is
helping create the spaces that London needs
Since we established Places for London, our wholly Places for London’s revenue generation increased by
Our property company Places for owned commercial property company, we have 13 per cent in 2024/25 to £102m, with more than 30 new
been able to invest record amounts in upgrading and retailers joining the estate. These results demonstrate
London has continued to support
expanding our estate without diverting any funds away the strong demand there is for quality spaces in well-
the development of new homes from the transport network. connected locations.
and jobs across the capital
As well as building vital new homes, Places for Places for London continues to evolve, and by
London’s construction skills programme has helped upgrading its systems and identifying the right
thousands of people take their first steps into the built partners, it will continue to provide positive changes
environment or start writing their next career chapter. that Londoners need.
‘ We are improving
people’s lives,
including through
building affordable
homes, training in
construction skills
and supporting
hundreds of
30
small businesses’
new retailers and
Graeme Craig
businesses joined our
Places for London Chief
estate in 2024/25
Executive and Director
We provide space for retailers in key positions across London

--- Page 61 ---
61 New homes and jobs Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Homebuilding milestone Proposed DLR extension
In September 2024, Places for London completed In August 2024, we published the outcomes of the
its 1,000th home. It reached the milestone first consultation on our proposal to extend the
at Kidbrooke, Greenwich in partnership with DLR to Beckton Riverside and Thamesmead.
Notting Hill Genesis. Since then, it has gone on to
complete 1,454 homes and it has started on sites The consultation asked for views on our preferred
that are delivering almost 3,000 more homes. option of creating a cross-river extension from
Gallions Reach, with two new stations at Beckton
We ran a range of consultations for our projects
Many of the homes are already occupied, Riverside and Thamesmead, as well as other
including 350 homes at Blackhorse View, which options. We also ran sample polling in locations
was the first joint venture with Barratt London. that would be affected by the extension.
We received more than 1,200 responses, with
Planning ahead to create 75 per cent of respondents saying the extension
900
would make their journeys into the wider east and
more homes and jobs
southeast London quicker.
We are now progressing the plans and preparing
new homes being delivered at
Bollo Lane, in partnership with Our proposals could unlock even more for a second consultation.
Barratt London
spaces across the capital
In 2024, Places for London submitted planning
applications for two projects that could provide
1,100+ ‘ The DLR extension would
more than 7,250 new homes, with both applications
being determined in 2025. This includes proposals encourage growth and
that would deliver around 4,000 new homes as
opportunities for people who
new homes can be accommodated part of a new district for Earls Court. This is the
at our initial East London Partnership biggest underused site in central London and the live in Thamesmead and Beckton
site on the Limmo Peninsula
submission follows extensive engagement with
Riverside by linking two major
the local community, as well as the boroughs of
Hammersmith & Fulham and Kensington & Chelsea. growth areas’
Places for London worked with Ballymore to
44
submit plans for a new town centre in Edgware
that will provide around 3,365 homes, of which 1,150
will be affordable, and improved transport facilities Katie Jane Moorhouse
Consultation Manager
social rent homes to be built and public spaces.
next to Southwark Tube station

--- Page 62 ---
62 New homes and jobs Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Spaces for
Supporting business
businesses
We are investing in spaces that enable
London’s businesses to thrive
Our estate is helping to support
As one of the capital’s largest landowners, Places
the needs of the many varied
for London is investing in our assets to unlock the
businesses that operate across full potential of these spaces.
our spaces in the capital In 2024/25, we welcomed 23 new retailers to the
Places for London estate, from Bonnie’s Blooms in
north London to Urban Social in south London via
Future Stores, an immersive digital and physical
experience located in the heart of Westminster on
Oxford Street.
Our arches at Wood Lane
At Wood Lane, Places for London is transforming
12 arches beneath the Hammersmith & City line,
making them ready for any business to customise
and move in.
In 2025, 10 of the arches will be occupied, with
businesses covering retail, food and drink, health
and fitness, and beauty.
£500k
1,500+
expected to be generated from
the Wood Lane arches each year businesses supported across the
when fully occupied capital by Places for London
Our spaces are giving London’s small business a place to thrive

--- Page 63 ---
Restoring Victoria arcade Refurbishing space at
Liverpool Street
We reopened the beautifully restored space at
Victoria Arcade in August with new retail spaces Places for London has refurbished the
historic arcade at Liverpool Street, which
first opened in 1912. In partnership with
Built in the early 1900s, the Victoria Station Arcade was BOXPARK, Places for London delivered
given a £1.5m restoration, using skilled craftspeople BOXHALL City to the arcade, a new concept
to sensitively restore heritage mouldings, stonework that brings together the best of London’s
and plasterwork. food scene in a vibrant and dynamic venue.
The site had new Edwardian-style shopfronts, which
replicate the two original remaining shopfronts, and
14
period-style lighting. It was decorated in a historic District
Railway colour scheme. There are seven retail units, with
incoming businesses offering something for everyone.
kitchens at BOXHALL City,
alongside two bars
Supporting London’s start ups
We worked with Westminster City Council’s
Meanwhile On project, which is a supportive
platform for emerging brands, entrepreneurs and
creatives to launch new stores.
In 2024/25, Places for London welcomed two start-
ups on Oxford Street – bespoke sneaker artist shop
CANVSS – and chocolatier Love Cocoa, which was
founded by the great-great-great grandson of John
Cadbury on South Molton Street.
The two businesses showed a strong commitment
to innovation, creativity and sustainability, which can
positively impact the high streets.
CCW
dna
nolliD
ytaK
:stiderc
egamI
63 New homes and jobs Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
We have restored the spaces at Victoria Arcade
We offer spaces for a range of start-up businesses BOXHALL at Liverpool Street is a major food venue

--- Page 64 ---
64 New homes and jobs Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Delivering
for the future
We are working together
with our partners to support
opportunities and create
innovative spaces for all
Expanding electric
vehicle charging We work with our customers to ensure we meet their needs
Places for London identified five sites across
London that could accommodate ultra-rapid
electric vehicle (EV) charging hubs. These
Engaging with our customers
would complement the rapidly growing
network of EV chargers across London.
It is important that we listen to our business customers to get a clearer
In 2024/25, Places for London made
significant progress on its EV hubs idea of how we can help them to deliver for London
programme and selected Fastned as its latest
partner. It also received its first planning
In September 2024, Places for London held its Businesses spoke about the ways that they have
consent at Hatton Cross.
inaugural Customer Conference and awards at Motel supported their local communities, reduced their
Studios, which operates out of one of the arches impact on the planet and made their industries more
beneath the Windrush line. open and inclusive.
21,600
The event brought together businesses operating The event also gave the opportunity to recognise some
across Places for London’s estate with guest speakers of the leading businesses on the estate, including
from the GLA, the Federation of Small Business and Legacy Martial Arts, Lola’s Cupcakes, Planque and
electric vehicle charging
points across London Grow London Local. Plemora Flowers.

--- Page 65 ---
65 New homes and jobs Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
People behind the project
Supporting the
next generation
Construction Skills Manager Abdul Khan enjoys seeing
people fulfill their potential
Places for London is helping young
people to take their first steps towards a Our newest Skills Centre in Edgware is The Skills Centre is more than training
bringing together terrific partners to help – it’s about discovering hidden talent
career in the construction industry
local people take their first steps into the and showing people what they’re truly
construction industry. capable of. Every day, we see lives
Last year, Places for London opened its third transformed, which is what makes this
construction skills centre in Edgware in It has been a game-changer for so many, work so rewarding.
including for one learner who came into
partnership with Ballymore, joining those at
the centre when it was being built. He
Earls Court and the original centre at Build East. Abdul Khan
was lacking confidence and looking for a
Construction Skills Manager
The Edgware centre provides a base for new job opportunity. After completing a
local people seeking to embark on a range of work trial, he was offered a role with the
rewarding and varied careers in construction and refurbishment company.
the built environment.
It is designed to offer a diverse range of training
opportunities, including pre-employment
training, dry-lining apprenticeships, retrofitting
and green skills bootcamps. Adapting to changing
10,000
Places for London has also been working with workspace demands
schools across London to help hundreds of
young people understand the vast range of roles
available and inspire them to join the industry. people have taken their first steps Working patterns and workspaces have
into the construction industry
changed dramatically in recent years and
through the Skills Programme
Places for London partnered with Construction Places for London is identifying opportunities
Youth Trust last year to help expand its reach. to upgrade and expand its office portfolio.
Together, they aim to engage Londoners through
a range of inspirational workshops and intensive Our best-in-class office building above the
programmes to support young people progress new Bank station entrance, 10 King William
into built environment careers. Street, is the first being built by our Platinum
12,718
Portfolio joint venture with Helical. The
partnership aims to create exemplary
sustainability performance and an excellent
young people have engaged occupier experience.
with the schools programme

--- Page 66 ---
Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Overview of our finances
67 119
Narrative Report and Financial Review Corporation Movement in Reserves Statement
103 120
Statement of Responsibilities for the Accounts Corporation Statement of Cash Flows
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members 104 121
Accounting Policies
of Transport for London
114 135
Group Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement Accounting Judgements and Estimates
115 137
Group Balance Sheet Notes to the Financial Statements
116 231
Group Movement in Reserves Statement Annual Governance Statement
117 235
Group Statement of Cash Flows TfL Board, committee and panel members
117 243
Corporation Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement Remuneration report 2024/25
118
Corporation Balance Sheet

--- Page 67 ---
67 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
Overview Our operating costs were lower than Looking ahead, 2025/26 will bring continued We conduct, at least annually, a review
TfL has ended the 2024/25 financial year in expected, primarily due to the outcome of pressure to grow passenger revenue and of the effectiveness of our governance
a strong position, thanks to the dedication the triennial TfL Pension Fund valuation diversify our income base to meet rising framework, including the system of internal
of our teams across the organisation. This as of 31 March 2024. The subsequent operational costs. Nevertheless, our control, which is reported to the Audit and
enables us to continue to deliver a first- agreement with the TfL Pension Trustees commitment to investing in London’s Assurance Committee. There is also an
class transport network that supports allowed us to reduce our employer infrastructure remains unwavering. This annual Board Effectiveness Review.
productivity and economic growth in both contributions from 27.3 per cent to investment is crucial for building a greener,
London and the wider UK. 10.5 per cent for the next three years more sustainable city, supporting the The opinion for the year ending 31 March
without changing employee pension UK’s economic recovery, and reinforcing 2025 concluded that our governance
Having navigated the challenges of the arrangements. These savings, along with London’s status as a world-leading global framework was satisfactory for TfL’s needs
pandemic, which severely impacted strong cost control, helped offset the city. TfL will continue to play a vital role in and operated in an effective manner. The
our fares income and necessitated lower-than-expected year-on-year growth this journey. opinion highlighted the progress against the
government funding support, we in passenger journeys. 2024/25 improvement plan.
achieved a historic milestone last year Organisational overview
by generating an operating surplus. This In addition to our financial achievements, TfL is a statutory corporation established We have established a committee and panel
accomplishment met the Government’s the past financial year has brought notable by section 154 of the Greater London structure to which we delegate detailed
target for TfL to become operationally successes. We launched new London Authority Act 1999 (GLA Act 1999). It is a scrutiny of key areas of our responsibilities.
financially sustainable. Overground line names, delivered essential functional body of the Greater London We have ensured the TfL Board has the
station improvements at Colindale and Authority (GLA) and reports to the Mayor right range and depth of knowledge, skills
Despite facing several external economic Kentish Town and invested £770m in asset of London. and experiences to run the organisation
challenges this year, including lower-than- replacement, with a focus on improving effectively. We refreshed our Board
expected economic growth, prolonged outcomes for customers. During 2024/25 We are the integrated body responsible for membership, in line with best practice, so
inflation and higher market interest rates, construction was substantially completed London’s transport system. We implement it remains relevant and up to date. At the
we built on the success of 2023/24 and on the Silvertown Tunnel, the first new the Mayor of London’s Transport Strategy date of this report 38 per cent of our Board
ended the year with an operating surplus road tunnel in London in 45 years, which and manage transport services across the members are women. We understand the
for the second consecutive year. We opened in the first week of April 2025. This capital. We aim to deliver safe, reliable and benefits of diversity and are continually
achieved a surplus of £166m (excluding tunnel will provide much-needed resilience integrated transport to those who live in, seeking to improve this across our Board
Places for London), which is £5m above to cross-river travel in east London and work in or visit London. and executive teams.
budget, and all of this is reinvested into support cleaner, more efficient journeys.
maintaining and improving our network. Governance We also have a series of policies and
TfL is one of the few transport authorities Our governance and decision-making guidance setting out expected standards
Various factors, such as the uncertain worldwide that can cover its day-to- arrangements ensure we manage the of behaviour and conduct. These
macro-economic outlook, changing day operating costs independently, organisation responsibly and effectively include the TfL Code of Conduct, anti-
commuting patterns and the cost-of- as well as most of its annual capital and to high standards of business fraud and corruption policy and the
living crisis, prevented us from achieving investment programme, which is just conduct (see TfL’s Annual Governance whistleblowing policy.
our target growth in passenger journeys under £2bn. However, we cannot fund Statement). This includes operating
of six per cent from the end of 2023/24. our capital projects entirely on our own within the requirements of relevant In an organisation as large as TfL, we
We are continuously exploring ways to and are grateful that the Government legislation (including local authority partly fulfil our duties by delegating day-
attract more customers to our services, has confirmed £2.2bn of capital funding legislation), as well as understanding our to-day decisions to employees within our
including enhancing accessibility on our for 2026/27 to 2029/30 in Phase 2 of the responsibilities to spend public funds governance framework.
Tube network and expanding services like Spending Review. This is in addition to the efficiently and manage risks effectively.
the Superloop bus network, which has been £485m already confirmed for 2025/26.
popular with our customers.

--- Page 68 ---
68 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Operating model • Chief Finance Officer – Rachel McLean The first full year of the Mayor’s Budget Action on Inclusion is our long-term
We are led by the TfL Executive Committee, submission was used as the basis for an promise to create a truly inclusive
which is responsible for setting the strategy • Chief Operating Officer – Claire Mann annual budget, which allocates resource organisation that reflects the city we serve.
and direction for the whole organisation. to individual departments and projects for This strategy sets out clear actions and
Members of the committee have clear • Chief People Officer – Fiona Brunskill the year ahead. In March 2025, the Board ambitions to address key issues and drive
individual accountabilities and objectives approved the 2025/26 TfL Budget. meaningful change. We are committed to
for the parts of the business they run • Chief Safety, Health and Environment fostering a workplace where everyone feels
directly and also collective objectives and Officer – Lilli Matson Interests of the Group’s employees a sense of belonging and can bring their
accountabilities to be delivered by the At TfL, we are committed to creating a authentic selves to work.
organisation as a whole. • General Counsel – Andrea Clarke workplace that is safe and secure and
fosters an engaged workforce. Our Vision Creating this cultural shift requires
The TfL Executive team have worked to • Director of Communications and and values – of being caring, open, and collective effort – everyone has a role
define the highest-level process that Corporate Affairs – Matt Brown adaptable – are shaped by our people, to play by becoming an active ally. Our
describes what we do and how we do it and reflecting how we should work together to leadership team are accountable for
create our value chain. Our value chain is: Strategy and resource allocation achieve a better future. role-modelling inclusive behaviours and
The Mayor’s Transport Strategy sets out implementing positive changes within their
• Strategise and plan plans to transform London’s streets, Our Colleague strategy outlines our business areas.
improve public transport and create ambition to make TfL a great place to
• Fund and procure opportunities for new homes and jobs. This work, where everyone has the opportunity Our Wellbeing for all plan provides clear
strategy is developed in consultation with to thrive. A key priority in this effort is direction on workplace wellbeing and will
• Build and maintain our stakeholders, to improve the services providing a fair and attractive employee guide our approach through to 2030. This
we provide to our passengers. This includes offer. We remain dedicated to addressing plan ensures that colleague wellbeing
• Operate and optimise how we engage and work with suppliers, gender, ethnicity and disability pay gaps, remains integral to everything we do,
communities, and our people. with a particular focus on supporting career helping us educate and communicate
• Enable and support development to increase representation at our responsibilities across all roles
Key priorities in the strategy are: creating all levels of our organisation. and locations.
The value chain helps us to make sure Healthy Streets and healthy people,
work isn’t duplicated and that we have creating a good public transport experience We already offer a strong, varied colleague We recognise the importance of listening
clear accountabilities in each part of the and delivering new homes and jobs. reward package and benefits – but we know to our employees. Our trade union
business. The TfL Executive Committee there’s more we can do. We are enhancing relationships, through local, functional
is organised around the principles of the In 2024/25 TfL did not produce a medium- our approach to pay management, and company-level meetings, play a vital
value chain, with the following roles: term Business Plan due to the start of balancing fairness and affordability while role in fostering dialogue. Additionally,
Phase 2 of the Spending Review and the competing for top talent. On 1 April we our Colleague Network Groups provide
• TfL Commissioner – Andy Lord uncertainty over capital funding beyond launched a job family pay ranges concept employees with opportunities to share
2025/26. Instead, our submission to the for non-operational roles, which groups ideas and support the advancement
• Chief Capital Officer – Stuart Harvey Mayor’s 2025/26 Budget set out the similar roles to ensure pay aligns with of our equality agenda across all areas
medium-term plan for the organisation, market rates and is tailored to different of employment.
• Chief Customer and Strategy Officer – demonstrating how we will achieve the types of work.
Alex Williams Mayor’s Transport Strategy and laid out our
plans and investment priorities for 2024/25
to 2027/28.

--- Page 69 ---
69 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Performance This is mainly due to the timing of capital Reconciliation from management reports to statutory accounts (£m)
Summary of financial performance for grant income, which was phased based on
the TfL Group our cash requirements and so was higher in
Total revenues, excluding grant funding, for the prior year. After reserves transfers, this
Year ended 31 March 2025
the year came in at £6,968m, compared with translated to an increase in usable reserves
a total of £6,714m for 2023/24, reflecting from £455m as at 31 March 2024 to £513m at Operating surplus per management reports
(including Places for London) 201
recovering fares revenues as passengers 31 March 2025.
continue to return to the network. Adjustments between internal management reports
There are significant differences in the basis and statutory accounts
Gross expenditure of £9,425m has increased of preparation of the Group Comprehensive
Capital renewals treated as operating expenditure in the
from the prior year total of £9,084m Income and Expenditure Statement management accounts 770
primarily from service expansion, higher compared with the management reports,
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments on property,
staff costs following base pay increases and which have resulted in the surplus turning
plant & equipment and intangibles (1,325)
inflationary pressures. into a deficit of £2m. The most significant
Change in fair value on investment properties 62
of these is that our management accounts
In 2024/25, our net financing and investment incorporates the cost of renewals (£770m) Net gain on disposal of investment properties 28
expenditure decreased from £537m to to present the ongoing, full, day-to-day
Difference in payments under PFI and lease arrangements
£339m, primarily reflecting investment cost of running and maintaining our existing
and depreciation and interest under IFRS 16 (18)
property valuations gains of £62m which network, whereas the income statement
Group share of loss from associate and joint ventures (7)
increased from prior year losses of includes depreciation and amortisation of
£108m, due to ongoing fluctuations in the our full asset base (£1,325m). Capital grant income excluded from the management accounts
property market. Net gains on disposals of operating surplus 268
investment properties also increased from In addition to £770m (2023/24 £763m) of Difference in pension payments charged to management accounts
£16m to £28m (See Note 8 and Note 9 to the spend on renewals works, capital spend and pension service costs and interest under IAS 19 (50)
financial statements). included new investment of £1,110m (2023/24
Taxation 32
£1,366m). Capital projects progressed
Grant income at £2,731m, was £774m below in the year included the Piccadilly line All other items 36
the level seen in 2023/24, primarily a result upgrade, DLR rolling stock and systems Group deficit after tax per the Comprehensive Income
of our extraordinary funding from the integration, Four Lines Modernisation, and Expenditure Statement (2)
Department for Transport (DfT) to protect improving air quality and the environment
our passenger income from any demand through safe and healthy streets and
shocks coming to an end and lower funding transformative developments such as
for capital expenditure. those at Kentish Town and Colindale
stations and preparation for the opening of
These items combined with Corporation the Silvertown Tunnel.
tax income of £32m results in an overall
Group deficit after tax for the year of £2m A detailed segmental analysis is provided
compared to a prior year surplus of £393m. in Note 2.

--- Page 70 ---
70 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Funding sources Gross service income Total gross service income increased by
Our activities are funded from four Gross service income breakdown by type (£m) four per cent from £6,714m in 2023/24
main sources: to £6,968m in 2024/25, reflecting our
3,000
commitment to explore new ways of
• Passenger fares income – the largest actively growing passenger demand and
2,632
single source of our income 2,508 creating new sources of revenue to reduce
2,500 our reliance on fares income.
• Other income, including commercial
activity and income from the Congestion Passenger fares remain our primary source
Charge scheme and the Low Emission 2,000 of income and have increased by five per
Zone/Ultra Low Emission Zone schemes cent from £5,045m in 2023/24 to £5,275m
1,549 in 2024/25. At the end of 2024/25 total
1,507
• Grant income, including a share of journeys were 3.6 billion, up by 33 million
1,500
London business rates and council tax from the previous year, reflecting sustained
passed down to TfL from the GLA and demand and steady growth across
grants from the DfT 942 948 most services.
1,000
• Prudential borrowing and cash reserves 652 606 621
478
420 410
500
Our Business Plan is financially balanced
238 237
over the medium term, with planned
47
funding sources sufficient to meet planned 10 10
expenditure. Short-term timing differences 0
between expenditure and funding are
(133)
managed through transfers to or from our
cash reserves. -500
Underground Elizabeth Buses IFS Cloud Rail Road user Rents and Other Central items
line Cable Car charging commercial income not reported
advertising by segment
Fares revenue
2024/25 2023/24

--- Page 71 ---
71 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Passenger journeys per period (in millions)
160
140
120
100
80
60
40
20
0
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P10 P11 P12 P13 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P10 P11 P12 P13
2023/24 2024/25
Buses London Underground Rail Elizabeth line
As well as the increase in passenger Londoners continue paying the same rates
journeys, passenger revenues also reflect as they have since March 2023, keeping fares
fare levels. TfL fare decisions are made among the lowest in the UK and helping
annually by the Mayor. In March 2024, the to boost bus ridership. Tube and rail fares
Mayor announced a freeze on all fares across London increased by 4.6 per cent
under his control ,and in December 2024 from 2 March 2025, in line with national rail
confirmed that bus and tram fares would fare adjustments.
remain frozen until 2026. This ensures

--- Page 72 ---
72 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Total gross income by operating division (£m) Income from Buses rose three per cent, Government grants and other funding
increasing from £1,519m in 2023/24 to We are no longer in receipt of grant funding
3,000
£1,565m in 2024/25. Of this, passenger from the DfT to fund operations, while
2,750
2,678 2,705 income contributed for £1,549m, £42m during 2023/24, the DfT contributed grant
2,528 more than the previous year. Total Bus funding totalling £188m to protect our
2,500 journeys for the year reached 1,842 million. growing passenger income against any
Despite the success of the Superloop demand shocks. Although we have achieved
express services in outer London, which operating financial sustainability, we still
2,000 added extra bus kilometres to the capital’s require Government funding for major
network and helped ridership growth, capital expenditure and over the last two
overall demand was just over one per cent years the DfT has contributed £815m to
lower than last year. support our capital programme (£5m in
1,500
2024/25 and £810m in 2023/24). In addition,
Streets and other operations income is at we continue to receive funding from the
£1,185m, which is line with the prior year. GLA as part of local authority devolved
1,000
Road user charging income has remained arrangements. The Mayor retains a share
669
610 steady, at £942m, just £6m lower than of London’s business rates and then
489 2023/24 levels. Fares income from the IFS allocates a proportion of this to us as a
429 421
500
290 Cloud Cable Car, at £10m for the year, was resource grant.
the same as in the prior year.
105 94
47
Other sources of grant income included
0 In the Rail division, income at £429m was specific capital grant from the GLA for
two per cent above prior year levels. Within Housing Infrastructure projects, such as
(133)
this, passenger income totalled £420m, an DLR train replacement and the East London
-500 increase of £10m compared to 2023/24. Rail Line, Levelling-up funding for step-free
Underground Elizabeth Buses, streets and Rail Places for Group Central items not
journeys, including London Overground, access at Colindale and Leyton stations,
line other operations London items reported by segment
DLR and London Trams, totalled 299 Home Office funding for communication
million, just one million below the 2023/24 networks on the Underground, and other
2024/25 2023/24 total and indicating stable demand across contributions from third parties.
the network.
The total of resource and capital grants
Places for London income has increased by receivable by us in 2024/25 amounted to
Total gross service income for the Gross service income for the Elizabeth 12 per cent from £94m in 2023/24 to £105m £2,731m (£3,505m in 2023/24).
Underground was £2,678m, which is £150m line increased by 10 per cent from £610m in 2024/25, the majority of which was rental
higher than 2023/24. The fares component in 2023/24 to £669m in 2024/25. Within this income from the property portfolio.
made up the majority of this increase as total, passenger income increased from
a result of the three per cent increase £606m to £652m. In 2024/25, the Elizabeth Income from Group items relates to a
in passenger journeys to 1,216 million line saw 231 million passenger journeys. This variety of activities, including media, estates
in 2024/25. is an increase of 21 million over the previous management and Travelcard administration.
year, demonstrating a continuous increase
in demand.

--- Page 73 ---
73 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Gross expenditure
Prudential borrowing Gross expenditure, which includes day-to-day operating
Movements in borrowing during 2024/25 (£m) costs as reported to management (see Note 2 to the financial
statements) and central items not reported on a segmental
Opening borrowing at 1 April 2024 per the accounts 12,936 basis (including depreciation and amortisation) increased by
four per cent from £9,084m in 2023/24 to £9,425m in 2024/25.
Loan from UK Infrastructure Bank – £300m due in 2061 300
Like-for-like operating costs have reduced from £7,788m in
Green Finance Fund loan from GLA – £17m due in 2027, £33m due in 2032 50
2023/24 to £7,640m in 2024/25 (in 2023/24 prices). We made
Issuance of rolling short-term Commercial Paper 1,031 £155m of recurring savings in 2024/25, taking total recurring
savings delivered since 2016 to £1.5bn. We remain focused
Repayments on Public Works Loan Board and
European Investment Bank loans (640) on tight control of expenditure and reducing our core costs
where possible.
Repayment of DfT Crossrail loans (70)
Fair-value movements, issue premia/discounts, fee adjustments and
interest accruals 112 Year-on-year costs of operations (£m)
Closing borrowing at 31 March 2025 per the accounts 13,719
Year-on-year costs of operations 2024/25 2023/24
Operating costs as per internal management reports (7,913) (7,788)
The authorised limit for direct borrowings for the
Adjust for year-on-year change in one-off items including
Corporation set by the Mayor for 2024/25 was £14,654.0m. cyber incident costs 29 -
Adjust for year-on-year change in investment programme operating
In addition to these sources of financing, other sources
costs included in operating expenditure (143) -
include Private Finance Initiative contracts (PFIs) (Note
Adjust for year-on-year change in new services and demand-driven
28 to the accounts) and other leasing arrangements
costs in 2024/25 135 -
which are discussed in more detail in Note 14 to the
financial statements. Operating costs (like-for-like basis) – nominal prices (7,892) (7,788)
Adjust for RPI at 3.3% in 2024/25 252 -
Operating costs (like-for-like basis) – 2023/24 prices (7,640) (7,788)
Real terms reduction in like-for-like costs 148
Real terms percentage reduction in like-for-like costs -1.9%

--- Page 74 ---
74 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Gross expenditure by operating division (£m) Operating costs across the Group were Within Streets and other operations,
impacted by the outcome of the triennial expenditure decreased from £1,374m in
4,000
3,825 TfL Pension Fund valuation as at 31 March 2023/24 to £1,371m in 2024/25.
3,643 2024, and the subsequent agreement
with the TfL Pension trustees, to reduce Operating expenditure for the Rail division
3,500
our employer contributions from 27.3 increased by nine per cent from £565m in
per cent to 10.5 per cent with no changes 2023/24 to £614m in 2024/25.
to employee pension arrangements. The
3,000
2,727 2,740 lower pension contributions, helped offset Property costs increased during the
unplanned costs arising from the cyber year from £65m to £80m, primarily due
2,500 incident in September 2024, increased to the release of a bad-debt provision
bus tender prices, and broader economic and therefore reduced operating cost in
pressures including higher inflation and the prior year, following the settlement
2,000 interest rates. of a long-running dispute with a tenant
in 2023/24.
On the Underground, total costs decreased
1,440
1,500
by £13m in the year. Operating costs included within
1,238
Group items reflect the fact that the
Total operating expenditure on the internal management recharge of
1,000
Elizabeth line at £581m was £49m (nine central overheads to divisions includes
581 532 614 565 per cent) higher than the prior year figure elements of income (including amounts
500 of £532m. The increase was driven by for estates management and Travelcard
301
higher maintenance costs and continued administration). At the total Group level,
158
80 65 operational activities to sustain the newly for management reporting purposes, this
0 built infrastructure. income is shown as an element of total
London Elizabeth Buses, streets and Rail Places for London Group items Central items
income. However, in the divisional analysis
Underground line other operations not reported
by segment The cost of operating the Bus division of performance, this income is included in
increased by eight per cent from £2,269m the management recharge of net central
2024/25 2023/24 to £2,454m, primarily due to cost overheads in the indirect operating cost of
pressures from higher bus tender prices individual divisions.
and additional expenses related to the
expansion of the bus network.

--- Page 75 ---
75 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
As set out in Note 2, Central items not This increase was primarily due to new Capital renewals by business area (£m)
reported on a segmental basis primarily borrowing during 2024/25, the prevailing
500
represent charges not included in internal interest rates on borrowing refinanced,
management reporting. The most and the prevailing interest rates on 455 459
significant line item within this balance variable rate borrowing during the year.
comprises depreciation, amortisation and As at 31 March 2025, TfL had a nominal
impairment charges recognised in relation £13,653m of borrowings, of which around 400
to property, plant and equipment, right-of- £1.67bn was short-term borrowing under
use assets and intangible assets. The total the Commercial Paper programme. The
of these charges increased from £1,628m in weighted average interest rate was 3.7 per
2023/24 to £1,650m in 2024/25. This category cent and the borrowings had a weighted
300
also absorbs the difference between the average remaining life to maturity of
accounting methodologies used in the 17.3 years.
statutory versus the management accounts.
The most significant of these relate to Interest payable on borrowings was offset,
the treatment of defined benefit pension to a degree, by the amount of interest 200
schemes, and to the treatment of former capitalised into the cost of qualifying 163 163
operating lease payable arrangements. In property, plant and equipment. Interest
our management accounts the costs of capitalised in 2024/25 totalled £12m (£12m
these items are recognised within operating in 2023/24).
100
78
expenditure based on cash flows, whereas 71
65 61
in the statutory financial statements, as Interest expense on leases, including
set out in the Accounting Policies notes contingent rentals in respect of PFIs,
9 9
to the accounts, IFRS 16 Leases and IAS 19 decreased from £136m in 2023/24 to £134m
Employee Benefits are applied. in 2024/25. The Group’s net interest income 0
London Elizabeth line Buses, streets and Rail Group items
in respect of its defined benefit pension
Underground other operations
Net interest and finance income/charges scheme obligations increased from £80m in
Gross financing and investment 2023/24 to £118m in 2024/25.
expenditure for the year was £502m, £122m 2024/25 2023/24
below the prior year. Gains from the disposal of investment
properties increased from £16m in 2023/24
This decrease was primarily a reflection to £28m in 2024/25.
of valuation gains of £62m recognised
in relation to the Group’s investment Capital expenditure
property portfolio. In 2023/24, £108m of Total Group capital expenditure for
valuation losses had been recognised within the year, including property, plant and
financing and investment expenditure. equipment intangibles, investment in joint
ventures and associates and investment
Also within this overall total, interest properties totalled £1,972m (£2,129m in
payable on direct borrowings increased 2023/24). Within this total £770m was spent
by seven per cent from £466m to £498m. on capital renewals (£763m in 2023/24).

--- Page 76 ---
76 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
New capital investment by business area (£m) On the Underground, capital expenditure Renewals works delivered during 2024/25
amounted to £912m, a reduction of £151m included replacing more than 3.5km of
700
from the previous year’s £1,063m. This track, improving reliability and reducing
included £457m for new capital investment noise. LED lighting upgrades were
604 and £455m for asset renewals. carried out at 20 stations, delivering
600 brighter, more energy-efficient lighting,
The Piccadilly line upgrade continues supporting our move towards net zero
to advance, with an additional £311m by 2030. Work progressed on the Central
500 invested this year. The first of the new line improvement programme with the
457
Piccadilly line trains arrived in London on full refurbishment of two trains and
14 October 2024 and by mid-December we escalators at both Bank and Liverpool
successfully powered up the train on our Street stations being replaced. Overhaul
400
infrastructure. These state-of-the-art trains work also continued on the Bakerloo and
will offer features such as walk-through Jubilee lines.
carriages, wider doorways, digital customer
300
257 information screens, CCTV cameras, and New capital investment on the Elizabeth
222 225 232 air-conditioning for the first time on a deep line increased from £1m in 2023/24 to £8m.
Tube train. The new trains will be more We are now investing in 10 new trains
200
energy-efficient, consuming 20 per cent for the Elizabeth line, to improve train
155
less energy than the current fleet, and the frequency and capacity. These trains will be
121
nine-carriage trains will increase capacity by funded by the Government and will help to
100 87 81 approximately 10 per cent. boost our supply chains.
50
21 26 21
8 1 We continue to make significant progress Total capital expenditure within the Buses
0 in replacing the aging infrastructure on division was £24m, which is £18m lower
London Elizabeth Crossrail Buses, streets Rail Places for Group items Central items
the Circle, District, Hammersmith & City than in 2023/24. Within this total, spending
Underground line and other London not reported
operations by segment and Metropolitan lines, with £70m spent on renewals decreased from £36m to £17m,
on this project in 2024/25. This initiative while new capital investment saw a slight
2024/25 2023/24 has provided 192 modern, air-conditioned increase from £6m to £7m.
walk-through trains and is in the process of
introducing a new digital signalling system Capital expenditure on Streets and other
to enhance journey speed and reliability. operations rose from £346m in 2023/24
to £361m in 2024/25. We have expanded
our cycle highways and completed the
Silvertown Tunnel, enhancing travel options
for our customers.

--- Page 77 ---
77 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Total capital expenditure within the Rail Cash and investments Under the valuation report, the Fund held Prospects, outlook, and principal risks
division was £297m, which is £21m lower Total cash, cash equivalents and investments a surplus of £3,044m as at 31 March 2024, Government funding
than in 2023/24. Work on the DLR rolling with maturities greater than three months compared to the 2021 valuation which TfL is one of the only major transport
stock replacement programme continues, held by the Group at 31 March 2025 showed a surplus of £179m. Assets totalled authorities in the world not to receive a
with £196m spent this year to introduce amounted to £1,486m, a decrease of £8m £14,998m and the defined benefit obligation regular central Government grant to cover
54 new walk-through trains, 33 of which since the end of 2023/24. Of the total cash totalled £11,954m. A revised Schedule of day-to-day operations. The pandemic
will replace the oldest trains in the fleet, balance, £102m was held for closing and Contributions was agreed between the devastated our finances and exposed
while the remainder will boost capacity residual works on Crossrail activities, London Trustee and the employers following the the inadequacy of our current funding
to meet growing demand across the Transport Museum Limited (LTM), London formal funding valuation. This set out a model. Our high fixed-cost base and our
DLR network. Transport Insurance (Guernsey) Limited (LTIG) future service contribution rate of 10.5 per dependence on revenue from passenger
and Places for London Limited. cent for the employers (a reduction from fares mean that we are susceptible to
On the London Overground, the project 27.3 per cent) and five per cent for members passenger demand changes.
to introduce step-free access at Surrey Our liquidity policy requires that we aim (no change).
Quays station is making excellent progress, to maintain cash reserves equivalent to In 2024/25, we have delivered strong
enhancing accessibility and improving at least 60 days’ worth of forecast annual A separate valuation of the TfL Pension results despite several external economic
journeys for thousands of customers. operating expenditure, on average (around Fund has been prepared, by actuaries at headwinds hitting at once, with economic
A significant milestone was achieved £1.3bn for 2024/25). Our cash reserves the XPS Pensions Group, for accounting growth being lower than expected, inflation
in March 2025, when a prefabricated remained above this level. Preserving purposes on an IAS 19 basis as at being higher for longer and market interest
footbridge was safely installed during a liquidity by maintaining a minimum cash 31 March 2025. The assumptions used rates higher than in the last few years.
planned weekend closure of the Windrush balance is crucial to our financial resilience. by the actuaries are the best estimates We achieved an operating surplus for the
line. Once completed, this new footbridge, chosen from a range of possible actuarial second year running and every penny of
featuring stairs to all platforms, will help The average yield from TfL’s cash assumptions, while the present value of this surplus will be re-invested to help fund
alleviate congestion on the existing narrow investments for 2024/25 was 5.02 per cent, the scheme’s defined benefit obligation our capital programme.
staircases, particularly during peak times. in line with the average yield of 5.03 per is derived from cash flow projections.
cent in 2023/24. Due to the timescale covered, neither the The latest TfL Budget, published in March
Our property company, Places for London, assumptions nor the cash flow projections 2025, shows a modest operating surplus in
continues to create the spaces that are vital Pensions may necessarily be borne out in practice. 2025/26 of £5m in the face of a significant
for London’s growth and development and As at 31 March 2025, most TfL employees number of headwinds. Passenger demand
invested £155m during 2024/25, £68m higher were members of the TfL Pension Fund. On this IAS 19 basis, the Public Sector continues to grow, albeit returning to a
than in 2023/24. Every three years, the TfL Pension Fund Section’s net surplus increased from normal level of growth of 1.3 per cent,
actuary makes valuations and recommends £2,342m at the start of the year to which is more closely aligned to economic
During the year, £21m was allocated to the level of contributions to be made by £3,663m at the end of the year, as a result metrics in London and the wider United
residual Crossrail activities. The Elizabeth the participating employers to ensure of a change in the financial assumptions Kingdom. We plan to continue to deliver
line has seen more than 500 million the long-term solvency of the Fund. The adopted. The increase in discount rate recurring operating costs savings, while
passenger journeys in its first two and latest available valuation of the Fund was reduced the value of the liabilities over the investing £1.9bn into our assets and
a half years, making it the single busiest carried out as at 31 March 2024 by the accounting period. maintaining the outcomes we set in our
railway service in the UK. Actuary, a partner of consulting actuaries 2024 Business plan.
Willis Towers Watson, using the projected The total net surplus recognised in respect
unit method. A revised Schedule of of all funded and unfunded pension
Contributions was agreed between the arrangements at 31 March 2025 amounted
Trustee and the employers following the to £3,595m (2024 £2,269m).
formal funding valuation of the Public
Sector Section.

--- Page 78 ---
78 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
The Government has consistently Places for London activity Operating expenditure Key deliverables
recognised that it is not possible for TfL Places for London continues to build The 2025/26 TfL Budget represents the We are continuing to make progress on
to fully fund all major projects and asset thousands of new homes for Londoners third consecutive year in which we plan to key Mayoral commitments, and the multi-
replacements from its own sources of with work having started on sites that are achieve an operating surplus, which is key year capital funding agreement will enable
income and has committed to providing delivering 4,300 homes. to our financial sustainability. Given the us to keep up the momentum on these
£485m of capital funding to support the uncertainty in recent years around fares activities. We are committed to improving
delivery of our rolling stock and signalling Delivering an annual income stream is key income and capital funding, a core part of accessibility across our network, and at the
replacement projects for the 2025/26 to supporting TfL’s financial sustainability, our strategy has been a strong focus on our forefront of this is investment in step-free
financial year. with Places for London generating £105m operating costs as an area over which we access schemes. This includes developing
of operating income from property, car are able to exercise control. the next stage of feasibility at South
We are grateful that on 11 June 2025, the parking and other sources in 2024/25. Kensington station, a landmark project to
Government confirmed £2.2bn of capital Delivering recurring operating savings is ensure that all visitors can equally enjoy
funding for 2026/27 to 2029/30. This will Other income sources a key factor in maintaining control of our London’s world-class museums as part of a
ensure that London’s transport network The £210m GLA-funded scrappage scheme operating expenditure. We have delivered wider development of the area.
can continue to support new homes, jobs came to an end in 2024/25, having helped £1.5bn of recurring operating savings
and economic growth in the capital. It will Londoners to move to cleaner vehicles between 2016/17 and 2024/25. The 2025/26 Improving the bus experience is a key
boost jobs, skills, growth and opportunities after the expansion of the Ultra Low TfL Budget includes £456m of operating commitment for TfL and the Mayor. Two
across the UK and enable us to deliver a Emission Zone (ULEZ) scheme to the savings, of which £239m were identified as significant areas of focus are continuing
programme of sustainable investment. Greater London boundary in August 2023. recurring savings at the time of publishing to build the Superloop network, through
Total income across all road user charging the Budget. Superloop 2, and the transition to a zero-
Passenger income schemes fell by £6m year on year, and the emission network. We are investing in
Our colleagues have continued to work introduction of the Silvertown Tunnel in Savings are being delivered through a wide the first phase of Superloop 2 through
tirelessly to attract customers back onto April 2025 will see income from tunnel user range of measures across the organisation. supporting infrastructure and procuring the
our network, including by delivering charging for the first time. Through significant management effort we operating contracts. This phase includes a
exceptional customer service, and creating have secured savings in 2025/26 through proposed route paralleling the proposed
a safe and clean environment on our We are currently undertaking a review of lower employer pension contributions. Bakerloo line extension and another
buses, trains and in stations. In 2024/25 all non-fares related fees and charges to We are also building on the success of our supporting the proposed DLR extension
demand rose by 0.9 per cent from the end ensure these are appropriate and reflective initiative to replace non-permanent labour to Thamesmead. Additionally, we continue
of 2023/24. of economic conditions. with permanent staff and extending our to support acceleration of the transition
savings programme into all aspects of non- to a zero-emission fleet, which requires
In December 2024, the Mayor announced a permanent labour and consultancy. We are new vehicles and changes to depots and
freeze on all bus and tram fares in London reviewing all of the smaller projects in our other infrastructure.
until March 2026. Tube and rail fares rose plan to ensure they are value for money
by 4.6 per cent in line with national rail fare and benefits are being realised. Building Investment in Safe and Healthy Streets
increases from March 2025. a new programme of savings initiatives will increase in line with inflation, with an
to 2030 will require us to embrace the increased proportion of funding allocated
benefits of innovation and new technology. to boroughs, specifically to support Vision
We will use our innovation team to identify Zero and bus priority. This will also include
opportunities and run trials that can further development of the proposals to
develop into a new programme of savings pedestrianise Oxford Street.
initiatives that we can deliver over the
second half of this decade.

--- Page 79 ---
79 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
There are several other growth projects, • A minimum increase of £1,970 for
linked to the Mayor’s commitments, that colleagues earning £40,000 or less. This
we will continue to progress. These include amount was pro-rated accordingly for
the DLR extension to Thamesmead, West those colleagues who work part-time
London orbital, and Bakerloo line extension.
The 2024/25 TfL pay award was:
Pay, benefits and pensions
We will continue to keep our reward • A pay award of four per cent
strategy under review, including the
pension arrangements offered to all TfL • An additional flat rate award of £400
employees, to ensure the reward package to all employees. This flat rate amount
is affordable while remaining fair and was pro-rated accordingly for those
competitive, both attracting and retaining colleagues who work part-time
the best talent.
• A minimum increase of £2,000 for
A pay offer for London Underground for operational employees. This means
2024/25 was accepted by all trade unions that everyone on operational terms and
representing London Underground on conditions received a pay award of four
12 December 2024. In relation to base pay, per cent of their eligible base salary plus
the agreement was: the additional £400, or a total award of
£2,000, whichever was the higher. This
• A pay award of 3.8 per cent amount was pro-rated accordingly for
those colleagues who work part-time.
• An additional flat rate award of £450
to all employees. This flat rate amount
will be pro-rated accordingly for those
colleagues who work part-time
We offer fair and competitive pay and rewards

--- Page 80 ---
80 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
The TfL Board has overall accountability Enablers Hierarchy Governance and assurance
for risk management. TfL’s risk appetite
and tolerance approach is agreed by the
Executive Committee and endorsed by
the Board. Reporting of the risk appetite
and tolerance position against existing
enterprise risks has been operationalised Decision making Level 0 – Enterprise Governance
and is driving the right conversations to
support decision-making.
Our Enterprise Risk Management Mayor’s Transport Strategy and TfL Executive Committee Board, Committees and Panels
Vision and Values Roadmaps
Framework (ERMF) supports a holistic and
more integrated approach to managing
risks across the organisation, enabling
a coordinated and less siloed process, Risk tolerance and appetite Executive Committee sub-groups
and Chief Officer meetings
including the provision of governance and Level 1 – Strategic
assurance activities. Risk management
Escalation and
activities are aligned with TfL’s Vision
de-escalation
and values themes: Safety and security, Culture and competence Client Portfolio, Programme
Colleague, Customer, Green, and Project Meetings
Customer, Colleague, Green, and Finance
Finance, Safety and Security
to help deliver our objectives. The ERMF
reflects these themes (specifically aligned
at Level 1). An extract of the ERMF is
shown below covering the enablers to
Methodology Level 2 – Tactical Assurance
risk management, TfL’s risk hierarchy and
governance and assurance overview.
Operations, Assets,
Risk policy and procedure Self Assurance Risk/Control
Programmes, Projects
Objective Assurance
Risk guidance and tools
(TfL Assurance Providers)
Enterprise Risk Independent Assurance
Assessment Matrix (Internal Audit and IIPAG)

--- Page 81 ---
81 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
TfL’s enterprise and strategic risks enterprise risks on a quarterly cycle once a Level 1 strategic risks continue to be TfL’s current enterprise risks are detailed
Our strategic risks are directly categorised full assessment of each enterprise risk has presented at the Executive Committee below, as well as the top three key
by the Vision and values themes and the been carried out. Each enterprise risk is also sub-groups. The Audit and Assurance mitigations for each risk. An additional
enterprise level risks have been mapped to subject to an annual deep dive at Executive Committee is updated on key risk enterprise risk – ER11 Significant cyber
a relevant theme. The enterprise level risks Committee as per the annual enterprise management activities every quarter security incident – is being developed
have been assigned to an appropriate panel risk schedule (agreed with the Committee). and reviews the effectiveness of the risk following the independent review of the
or committee and continue to be presented Following this, a risk update is presented to process at least annually. cyber incident and discussions at TfL’s
annually for scrutiny. Our Executive the relevant committee/panel. Safety and Security Panel. The cyber
Committee reviews and discusses the aspects of the risk from ER04 Significant
security incident including cyber security
are being split out to form ER11.
Risk Title Key mitigations Risk Title Key mitigations
ER01 Failure to prevent a significant safety • Asset condition and fault rectification ER07 Financial resilience • Periodic analysis against budget (operating control)
incident or deliver safety obligations
• Safety culture and leadership • Maintaining minimum cash reserves
• Assurance and monitoring (liquidity control)
ER02 Attraction, retention, wellbeing and • Delivery of the Colleague wellbeing plan • Demand forecasting (systematic control)
health of our employees
• Strategic workforce plan ER08 Delivery of TfL key investment • Decision-making process at pathway gates
• Reward strategy programmes and projects • TfL project delivery models
ER03 Environment including climate adaptation • Environmental investment • Resource management and project
• Management system and assurance measures management community
• Environmental governance and oversight ER09 Changes in customer demand • Financial contingency and liquidity
ER04 Significant security incident • Pan-TfL fraud risk assessments • Business planning and budgeting
• Security incident preparedness • Scenario and risk-based planning
• Cyber security improvement programme
ER10 Governance and controls suitability • Privacy and security
ER05 Supply chain disruption and ineffective • Pan-procurement and commercial risk
• Management system
procurement and contract management management process
• Governance framework including the TfL Board
• Periodic supplier risk monitoring
and panels and committees
• Centralised management of supply chain risks
ER06 Deterioration of operational performance • Long-term asset degradation control –
asset renewals prioritisation
• Resilience plans and business as usual operational
response plans to deal with unexpected failures,
unplanned reactive response
• Securing long-term funding to support long-
term planning

--- Page 82 ---
82 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Responding to the cyber security incident By December 2024, more than 33,000 Zip
We worked around the clock to ensure our Oyster photocards, around 40,000 18+
services were safe and could continue to Student Oyster photocards and more than
operate following a cyber security incident 13,000 60+ London Oyster photocards had
in autumn 2024. been processed and dispatched.
An unauthorised attempt to access our Access to both Oyster and contactless
online systems in September 2024 caused journey histories was also restored in
inconvenience for our customers as new December 2024, so that customers could
photocard applications, contactless journey correct incomplete journeys and process
histories and live travel data had to be service delay refunds if required.
temporarily suspended.
Following the cyber incident, we took
immediate action to secure our network,
ensuring all safety-critical systems and
processes were maintained.
For security reasons, we had to suspend
access to travel concessions, including the
11-15+ Zip Oyster photocard, 16+ Zip Oyster
photocard, 18+ Student Oyster photocard
and the 60+ London Oyster photocard. The
photocard system reopened in a phased
approach at the start of November, with
applications opened for all concessions
schemes later in the month. There was a
dedicated webpage and emails sent out to
keep customers informed. Refunds were
given to customers who paid more for their
travel than they should have during the
suspension period.
We work to keep our customers safe and provide a quality service

--- Page 83 ---
83 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Streamlined energy carbon reporting Streamlined energy and carbon reporting 2024/25
Streamlined energy and carbon reporting
helps businesses across the UK in scope of
the 2018 regulations to comply with their legal
Description Amounts Units 2023/24 comparison
obligations in respect of energy usage and
carbon emissions reporting. The Greenhouse Total electricity consumption 1,551,961,842 kWh 1,625,182,625
Gas Protocol defines three emissions scopes:
Total gas consumption 62,969,310 kWh 60,705,848
Scope 1 Total fuel for company fleet 1,186,230 litres 1,204,272
Direct emissions – the emissions from owned
Total fuel for ferry vessels 1,060,430 litres 535,660
or operated assets.
Purchased district heating and cooling 3,381,865 kWh 3,405,748
Scope 2
Indirect emissions – the emissions from
purchased energy.
Scope 3
Emissions breakdown Amounts Units Conversion factor (kgCOe)
Indirect emissions – all other indirect 2
emissions that occur in the company’s Scope 1 – emissions from combustion of gas 11,517 tCOe 0.183 (natural gas)
2
value chain. The reporting of this scope is
2.522 (diesel)
not mandatory. 2.084 (petrol)
Scope 1 – emissions from combustion of fuel for transport purposes 5,884 tCOe 2.771 (marine gas oil)
2
Scope 1 and 2 emissions are calculated in line
Scope 2 – emissions from purchased electricity 321,334 tCOe 0.207 (UK grid electricity)
2
with the Greenhouse Gas protocol. We have
0.232 (district heating)
used invoiced consumption and metered
Scope 2 – emissions from purchased heating and cooling 534 tCOe 0.058 (district cooling)
data and have calculated emissions using 2
government conversion factors for company Total gross COe based on the above 339,269 tCOe
2 2
reporting of greenhouse gas emissions 2024.
Total gross COe including energy/fuel purchased by public
2
District heating and cooling factors are specific transport service operators 786,516 tCOe
2
to the Olympic Park district heating system.
In line with TfL’s 2021 Corporate Environment
plan, we have established a clear hierarchy for
reducing our operational carbon emissions.
At the top of this hierarchy is the removal
Intensity metric Amounts Units
of fossil fuel use and improving our energy
Operated train kilometres 98,687,057 3.44kgCOe/operated train km
efficiency. We are prioritising energy-efficiency 2
measures by carbon and cost savings, starting Average headcount 27,601 12.3 tCOe/employee
2
with the further rollout of LED lighting
replacements and beginning a programme to
decarbonise our buildings by removing fossil
fuel usage and improving fabric performance.

--- Page 84 ---
84 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Sustainability reporting • Mandatory climate-related financial • Connect Londoners to green spaces and
Our purpose is to move London forward reporting requires consideration of encourage urban greening and sustainable
safely, inclusively and sustainably. physical climate risks and measures to drainage system installation
Everything we do is through the lens of manage them
sustainability to meet our legal obligations • Provide increased climate change
and strategic commitments. Sustainability, • Adapting to climate change is necessary adaptation and resilience, ensuring
including how we address climate change to help meet our statutory duty to transport and infrastructure projects
and protect, connect and enhance nature, is promote and encourage safe, integrated, consider long-term risks, including
fundamental to our business and becoming efficient and economic transport flooding and heatwaves
increasingly integrated into everything we facilities and services to, from and
do. Our vision to be London’s strong, green within London • Improve air quality through initiatives
heartbeat means we will tackle the climate such as the Ultra Low Emission Zone
emergency head-on by providing the most Everything we do is viewed through
sustainable ways to get around London by the lens of sustainability to achieve the Further detail on how TfL will achieve these
encouraging walking, cycling and public outcomes of the Mayor’s Transport goals is set out in a range of additional
transport. We recognise the importance of Strategy and the London Environment documents, including our Corporate
sustainability risk reporting and the need Strategy, and to deliver on our Vision and Environment plan, Climate Change
to integrate climate- and nature-related values of being caring, open and adaptable. Adaptation plan and Green Infrastructure
considerations into both decision-making Our strategic commitments are set out in and Biodiversity plan.
and financial planning. the statutory Mayoral strategies, primarily
the Mayor’s Transport Strategy, London As one of London’s largest landowners,
Examples of the extensive sustainability- Environment Strategy and London plan. our property company, Places for London,
related legislative requirements that we are Within these documents we are mandated fulfils our sustainability mandates through
required to meet include: to drive performance and deliver results in its sustainable development framework,
the following areas: which has five overarching principles:
• Under the Environment Act 2021, we
have a duty to consider what we can do • Increase the proportion of people using • Build a better London
to conserve and enhance biodiversity, active and sustainable transport modes
determine such policies and specific • Deliver real results
objectives as we consider appropriate • Reduce carbon dioxide emissions from
for acting, and take action we consider our head office buildings and London’s • Think long term
appropriate in light of those policies transport network, including working
and objectives towards London’s goal of being net zero • Take a holistic view
by 2030
• Under the Highways Act 1980,and • Respond to local context
Flood and Water Management Act 2010, • Deliver additional electric
as amended, we are a statutory risk vehicle infrastructure
management authority for highway
flooding and have a duty to cooperate
with other risk management authorities

--- Page 85 ---
85 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Board oversight and committee During 2024/25 the following sustainability- Management’s role in identifying,
governance of sustainability-related risks related topics were discussed by the Board assessing and managing sustainability-
and opportunities and its committees and panels: related risks and opportunities
Our sustainability governance is led by The Board has delegated the day-to-day
the Board, chaired by the democratically • TfL’s Corporate Environment Plan management of TfL to the Commissioner
elected Mayor of London. The Board and the Executive Committee, which
oversees the company’s sustainability- • Electric vehicle update is responsible for the delivery of the
related strategies and management Business plan, as well as the operational
guidelines. The Board delegates certain • Climate Change Adaptation plan two and budgetary performance. Our Business
roles and responsibilities to its principal years on update Plan sets out how we will continue to
Board committees, allowing them to create a transport network that serves
probe deeply and develop a more detailed • Green Infrastructure and Biodiversity everyone’s needs, while tackling pollution,
understanding of sustainability-related plan one year on update supporting the UK economy and building
matters. These committees report back to a safer, greener and fairer city for all. Key
the Board on the discussion and outcomes • Equity in Motion actions include: integrating sustainability
of their meetings, as well as any decisions into everything we do, decarbonising our
taken, and, where appropriate, make • Safety, Health and Environment operations, building capacity and capability,
recommendations on matters requiring annual report and investing in adaptation, green
Board approval. infrastructure and biodiversity.
• Annual update on delivery of the Mayor’s
The Board scrutinises TfL’s risk Transport Strategy
management activities, including the
management of our sustainability risks. The • Enterprise risk update: Environment
Board receives a comprehensive update including adaptation (ER03)
on our risk profile at least once a year. The
Board monitors performance against the • Equality Impact Assessment
TfL Scorecard, which in 2024/25 contained
three climate-related measures. In addition • Travel in London annual overview report
to corporate Scorecard metrics, progress
against our Corporate Environment plan, • TfL’s Scorecard
Climate Change Adaptation plan and
Green Infrastructure and Biodiversity plan • Safety, health, wellbeing and environment
are provided annually to the Customer, culture programme
Sustainability and Operations Panel.
• Energy purchasing strategy update

--- Page 86 ---
86 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Steering groups or sustainability Biodiversity net gain steering group
Executive Committee matrix teams that feed into the Identifies the key changes that TfL needs to
Executive Committee make to be able to cost-effectively meet its
Adaptation steering group legal obligations with regard to biodiversity
Responsible for supporting the net gain. Works with the business to agree,
implementation and monitoring the sign off and implement these changes,
delivery of the Climate Change Adaptation monitors implementation and reports on
plan, identifying key strategic actions progress to the Sustainability subgroup.
and decisions on adaptation, sharing
knowledge and best practice, embedding Places for London’s executive
considerations on climate risk and leadership group (ELG)
Sustainability sub-group Business and Strategy meeting adaptation work across TfL, improving Leads TfL’s property arm, Places for
our understanding of climate risk, and London. ELG operates at the strategic
identifying adaptation-related projects that level and is responsible for implementing
require funding. the strategic objectives agreed with its
sole shareholder (TfL) and the Land and
Net zero matrix team Property Committee to move London
Executive Committee environmental and sustainability issues and Established to support and accelerate forward with thriving, connected places.
The senior forum for decision-making in the work programmes. It oversees and tracks delivery of net zero commitments. Including a focus on climate change
delivery of TfL’s services. It supports the progress towards sustainability targets, This multidisciplinary team manages strategy, the ELG provides direction to
Commissioner in decisions that require or indicators and risks to ensure shortcomings the initiation, delivery and oversight of the organisation’s directorates and teams,
benefit from a pan-TfL perspective. are identified and addressed. specific programmes and projects, as and reviews and scrutinises activity across
well as other initiatives, with the primary Places for London, putting forward updates
Sustainability sub-group Business and Strategy meeting objective of reducing TfL’s operational and proposals in line with TfL Standing
This committee meets every eight weeks This is an Executive Committee meeting carbon emissions. Orders. It provides oversight of the
and attendance includes: that takes place on a quarterly basis. organisation’s management and is the first
Green infrastructure steering group escalation point for significant risks and
Chief Safety, Health and Environment The purpose of this meeting is to review A forum in which everyone working at issues affecting the organisation to enable
Officer (Chair) and Chief Capital Officer medium- to long-term business priorities TfL with responsibility for the successful onward escalation (as appropriate).
(Deputy chair), as well as directors and including Vision and values, to gain insight delivery of TfL’s Green Infrastructure and
heads of department from across TfL, into enterprise risks (including ER03 Biodiversity plan can meet to contribute Independent investment programme
including Places for London. Environment including adaptation) ahead and share progress and updates on the advisory group (IIPAG-Places)
of routing to the Executive Committee delivery of the plan’s actions. The Group IIPAG-Places reports into the Land and
This committee is a senior forum for or Panels, to discuss, shape and approve also drives progress on meeting the green Property Committee (LPC) and TfL’s larger
decisions, recommendations to the budget and business plan, and decision- infrastructure-related objectives of the IIPAG and provides independent assurance
Executive Committee, discussion and making on strategic matters that have a Mayor’s Transport Strategy and the wider and advice to LPC on key risks and issues
coordination of cross-organisational cross-TfL impact. green infrastructure ambitions of the facing our business and provides assurance
London Environment Strategy. to the TfL board. The IIPAG meet on a
quarterly basis and advise LPC on existing
strategies and processes and monitors the
suitability of any potential improvements.

--- Page 87 ---
87 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Building organisational competence responsibilities for all colleagues to We prioritise equity in our adaptation outlines the key milestones required
to manage sustainability-related risks complete in 2025/26. Beyond training, work. More than 56 per cent of completed each year to deliver on our sustainability
and opportunities the TfL Sustainability Network provides SuDS schemes are in areas ranked among ambitions. Progress is regularly reviewed
We take a structured approach to building opportunities for all colleagues to engage the most deprived in England. In 2024/25, by the Board, ensuring accountability and
and maintaining sustainability expertise with sustainability through webinars, we delivered new schemes across six continuous improvement.
across our organisation. Regular audits site visits, and regular communications key locations, including Silvertown
help us identify knowledge gaps and featuring internal and external experts. and Walthamstow. Our strategic direction is shaped by the
ensure colleagues understand their role Mayor’s Transport Strategy, and in 2024/25
in delivering TfL’s environmental and Engaging communities and stakeholders We conduct Equality Impact Assessments we made significant progress. We received
sustainability objectives. on nature and climate-related risks, (EQIAs) to ensure community needs formal validation from the Science Based
dependencies and opportunities are considered in decision-making. As a Targets initiative for our near- and long-
Our Sustainability awareness toolkit, part Our services, infrastructure and natural founding signatory of the London Anchor term greenhouse gas reduction and net-
of the Green Knowledge programme, assets deliver wide-ranging benefits to Institutions’ Charter, we collaborate on zero targets, confirming alignment with the
supports teams in embedding sustainability Londoners. Recognising that climate climate and ecological priorities through Paris Agreement. This validation spans our
into their work. It includes training on and nature-related risks transcend the Green New Deal working group, operations and supply chain, reinforcing our
carbon literacy, climate change adaptation, organisational boundaries, we actively contributing to estate decarbonisation, commitment to integrating climate action
green infrastructure and biodiversity, and collaborate with stakeholders across workforce upskilling and climate resilience. into long-term planning and investment
operational environmental awareness, London to build resilience and support decisions. Progress against these targets
alongside a suite of e-learning modules on equitable outcomes. We also enhance biodiversity through will be reported annually and through the
topics such as waste and noise. projects like Tolworth Roundabout, GLA’s Climate Budget process.
In 2024/25, we: which introduced 7,500 square metres
In 2024/25, we achieved Silver accreditation of SuDS catchment and improved We also advanced our climate scenario
for our carbon literacy training, with 1,209 • Identified 114 climate interdependency access for pedestrians and cyclists. Our analysis, using three internally developed
colleagues trained during the year and risks and 151 risks on London borough wildflower verge surveys identified several pathways: Green London, London declines
more than 6,000 trained since 2022. We also roads, with recommended actions to priority species, supporting the London and London booms, in collaboration with
launched the Pledge project, engaging over address them. (see Risk Management for Environment Strategy. We continue to work the Government Actuary’s Department.
3,000 colleagues to understand how they more information) with boroughs to expand these initiatives These scenarios, aligned with the Mayor’s
are applying their learning in practice. and strengthen ecological resilience across Transport Strategy scenarios, inform
• Supported the development of the our 580km road network. our strategic and financial planning. To
We piloted a new in-person course London Surface Water Strategy, develop our climate scenarios we used the
on climate change adaptation, green enhancing flood resilience and prioritising Strategy Network for Greening Financial System
infrastructure, biodiversity reaching over 40 vulnerable communities Sustainability is embedded at the core of scenarios, which include climate-related
project-facing colleagues, with full rollout our Corporate Strategy, which is structured macroeconomic and financial projections.
planned for 2025/26. Our operational • Mapped flood risk against areas of around five pillars: our customers, our Findings show that while the Green London
environmental awareness course, designed inequality to inform future sustainable colleagues, our finances, safety and scenario offers greater long-term stability,
for frontline colleagues, was piloted across drainage systems (SuDS) planning security, and our green future. These it requires a lower tolerance for extreme
14 operational areas and will also be rolled pillars guide colleague objectives and events, whereas the other scenarios
out in 2025/26. To embed environmental • Piloted a severe heat exercise to better ensure alignment with our environmental present more volatile financial risks.
awareness more broadly, we launched understand impacts on customers and climate goals. Our Green roadmap
SHE@TfL, a mandatory e-learning course and colleagues, informing future
covering safety, health and environmental resilience planning.

--- Page 88 ---
88 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
The scenarios used for analysis were: Sustainability-related risks and From 44 identified transition factors, we
opportunities impacting TfL’s selected the following for scenario analysis:
strategic outlook
Global temperature Level of Level of
Our scenario analysis focused on key Risks:
Scenario increase by 2100 physical risk transition risk
physical, transition and nature-related
Green London in a successful global transition 1.5 degrees Celsius Low Low risks and opportunities that could • Tighter regulation leading to higher
materially affect TfL’s operations and long- capital expenditure for TfL due to assets
London declines in a disorderly transition 2.0 degrees Celsius Low High
term planning. becoming prematurely obsolete or non-
London booms until temperatures soar More than 3.0 degrees Celsius High Low performing
Two acute physical risks, rated as major
and increasing to severe in our Climate Risk • Skills requirements, relating to TfL’s
Assessment, were prioritised: strategic sustainability ambitions and
Time horizons for climate-related risks and strategic planning Mayoral commitments, becoming
We assess climate-related risks and opportunities across three • Extreme precipitation leading to flooding misaligned to our skills profile
time horizons, aligned with internal planning cycles and external of London Underground tunnel shafts
climate policy frameworks: and portals. This risk is rated as a Opportunities:
major and severe risk for TfL due to
the potential impact to services and • Improved building efficiency for Places
high likelihood of significant asset and for London, leading to improvements for
infrastructure damage customers, higher income from tenants,
Timeframe Strategic alignment
and reduced risk of asset stranding
Short-term 2030 Aligns with TfL’s Corporate Strategy and the urgency to • Extreme high temperatures on the (whereby a property becomes unlettable
decarbonise. Supports our target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 network and in buildings. This risk is rated either by not complying with legislation
emissions by 90 per cent by 2030. Reflects the 4th UK Climate
as major and severe for TfL due to the or not being commercially attractive
Change Risk Assessment.
health, safety and wellbeing impacts on to tenants)
Medium-term 2050 Aligns with the London Environment Strategy and our Climate customers, colleagues and tenants
Risk Assessment. Captures transitional and physical risks over • Early adoption of new technologies
the medium horizon.
could lead to cost saving and other
broader benefits
Long-term 2080 Reflects infrastructure lifecycles and asset planning. Aligns
with our Climate Risk Assessment to evaluate long-term
physical risks. Through stakeholder workshops, we
identified a key nature-related risk. The risk
we chose to focus on was ‘increasing legal
and policy commitments for biodiversity
These timeframes are consistent with the Task Force on Climate- net gain and green infrastructure’.
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) guidance issued by HM
Treasury and ensure our scenario analysis and strategic planning
are based on the most robust and relevant data available.

--- Page 89 ---
89 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
How sustainability risks and opportunities influence
TfL’s business and financial outlook
All risks and opportunities were calculated in a qualitative
manner. The precipitation risk was also calculated in a
quantitative way. We scored the potential financial impacts
of these risks from one to five in terms of likelihood and
severity, in line with other internal risk work. Scores are
based on professional judgement and informed by desk-
based analysis.
Scenario risks and financial impacts
Risk Scenario 2030s 2050s 2080s Financial impacts
Tighter regulation leading to higher capital expenditure for TfL due Green London Moderate Moderate Moderate • Increased capital costs to adhere to new regulation
to assets becoming prematurely obsolete or non-performing
• Third-party external funding more difficult to secure, due to
London declines Moderate High Moderate
increased proportion of stranded assets
London booms Moderate High Extreme • Fines or penalties for not complying with new regulation
• Reputational consequences from negative media attention could
reduce income
Skills requirement relating to TfL strategic sustainability ambitions Green London Moderate Moderate Moderate • Increased cost of outsourcing due to high demand
and Mayoral commitments becoming misaligned to our skills profile
• Costs associated with culture change
London declines Extreme High Moderate
• Increased training costs
London booms High High Moderate • Inability to adhere to sustainability policies and regulation from
Government, incurring fines as a result
• Service delivery may be impacted as a result of outsourcing and
missing skills
• Reduced demand reduces income from passengers
Extreme high temperatures on transport and in buildings. This was Green London Moderate Moderate Moderate • Increased wellbeing- related incident
chosen as it is rated as major and severe for TfL due to the health,
• Overtime costs to cover staff illness
safety and wellbeing impacts on staff, tenants, and customers London declines Moderate Moderate Moderate
• Reduced productivity of colleagues working in high
London booms Moderate Extreme Extreme temperature environments
• Loss of revenue from service disruptions
Increasing legal and policy commitments for biodiversity net gain Green London Moderate Moderate Moderate • Increased expenditure on green restructure
and green infrastructure
• Increased ongoing maintenance costs of green assets
London declines Low Moderate Moderate
• Potential for reputation implications to lead to lower revenue
London booms Low Low Moderate

--- Page 90 ---
90 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Scenario opportunities and financial impacts
Opportunities Scenario 2030s 2050s 2080s Financial impacts
Improved building efficiency for Places for London leading to Green London High Extreme N/A • Cost of improvements is lower than expected
higher income from tenants
• Reduced operational expenditure on energy
London declines Low High N/A
• Increased revenue from tenants
London booms High Extreme N/A
Early adoption of new technologies could lead to cost saving and Green London Moderate High High • Lower energy usage, reducing operating costs
other broader benefits
• Increased reliability and resilience of assets, improving service
London declines Moderate Moderate High
delivery and hence income from passengers
London booms High High Moderate

--- Page 91 ---
91 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Extreme high temperature risk analysis To support sustainability, we are building a Regulation risk analysis In 2024/25, we updated our biodiversity
Extreme high temperature will impact talent pipeline through our apprenticeship The regulation risk increases in the 2050s baseline using remote-sensing to assess
TfL more severely under the later time and graduate schemes, alongside internal under the London declines and London habitat changes since 2019, identifying
horizons, due to increased frequency and training in carbon literacy, climate booms scenarios, due to additional building broadleaved woodland, dense scrub
intensity of extreme weather events. We change adaptation, green infrastructure and adaptation regulation leading to and modified grassland as the most
chose two scenarios with lower physical and biodiversity, and operational higher redevelopment costs. Examples dominant habitats on our green estate.
risk and one with higher risk, this is evident environmental awareness. of regulation could be stricter emissions While data changes limited trend analysis,
in the findings. Under the London booms standards, carbon pricing, climate resilience we will focus on improving our green
scenario there are significant increases Places for London is partnering with its and adaptation. infrastructure data in 2025/26 to better
in extreme heat events, including high- joint venture partners to attract new talent support decision-making.
impact extreme heat events driven by high into green careers, particularly through We are well placed to manage these risks,
warming levels. the Construction Skills programme, which due to our target for decarbonisation and We are exploring a Habitat Bank feasibility
has trained nearly 10,000 Londoners since our industry-leading work on adaptation. project to assess biodiversity unit supply
In order to manage extreme heat on 2019 and helped more than 3,600 into jobs. To manage the risk in the medium and and demand in London, potentially
transport and in buildings, we are building Places for London is training Londoners long term, we will continually collaborate offering off-site biodiversity gains. This
our data capability to better understand in the skills demanded by London’s with external groups and Government project has the potential to provide key
the operational impacts of extreme heat, construction employers, with particular to ensure that we are aligned with learning for us and others who wish to
including health and safety incidents, and focuses on retrofit, and other skills that industry best practice and are aware of adopt similar projects and initiatives.
cost of repair and maintenance, that will support a transition to green building, for upcoming regulation. We will further improve how green
enable us to carry out quantitative analysis example, steel fixing. infrastructure information is gathered
in the future. To manage this risk, we are Nature risk analysis around the organisation, enabling more
assessing temperature thresholds that Places for London has also convened its The nature risk is considered a moderate informed decisions and assessment of
should be used to provide adequate advice joint venture partners to attract the next risk across all scenarios due to the nature-related risks.
to customers and colleagues, as well as generation of built environment leaders stricter requirements to maintain nature
inform maintenance routines. from secondary schools and colleges commitments, this will likely lead to We continue to fulfil the Taskforce on
and, since 2021, has reached more than increased costs in maintaining existing Nature Financial Disclosure requirements
Skills risk analysis 12,000 students. nature and biodiversity. and will launch internal training to raise
The skills risk is highest in the London awareness and support implementation
declines scenario, due to low economic Creating a skills pipeline will enable us Our Green Infrastructure and Biodiversity across TfL.
activity and low availability of industry- to accelerate our sustainability work, plan highlights our commitment to
wide skills and development. The risk rises and future-proof our business against nature, with targets for tree canopy cover,
sharply into the 2030s, as it is projected skills gaps. wildflower verges, and SuDS to reduce
that skills shortages will increase over that financial risk.
time period. This will increase the amount
we pay for skills that are required to meet
our sustainability commitments.

--- Page 92 ---
92 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Building efficiency opportunity analysis Technology risk analysis • We secured a grant of £592,000 from • We were awarded a further two grants
The Places for London improved building The technology opportunity will materialise the Department for Energy Security & totalling more than £16m in Phase 3c
efficiency opportunity is assessed over two across all time horizons dependent on the Net Zero through Phase 3b of the Public of the Public Sector Decarbonisation
time horizons. The 2080s were excluded scenario. We already consider options to be Sector Decarbonisation Scheme for a Scheme. A grant worth £14m was secured
from the scoring as they are assumed early adopters of technology, though as an decarbonisation project at Therapia to reduce carbon emissions at six sites
to be beyond the lifespan of energy- early adopter we risk overpaying relative to Lane Tram Depot. The grant funding on our London-wide head office estate.
efficiency upgrades made to most existing later adopters who benefit from economies helped part-fund several improvements The second grant, worth more than
commercial buildings. of scale. As early adopters, we are able at the London Trams depot which will £2m, was targeted at carbon-reducing
to commit to ambitious decarbonisation be the first of a number of low carbon measures at two London Underground
At present there are likely to be viable targets. Over the medium and longer terms, depots on the TfL network. The project depots. The successful grant applications
commercial opportunities for Places for opportunities to adopt early could reduce upgraded the heating systems with a were supported by the Mayor’s Retrofit
London to benefit from improvements to as the most energy-efficient technologies mix of efficient heat pumps and infrared Accelerator for Workplaces programme.
the energy efficiency of its estate through become established and embedded across panel heaters replacing ageing and TfL forecasted that the head office Salix
lower operational expenditure and a green the economy. To take advantage of this inefficient gas boilers. The additional grant would bring about a reduction of
rental premium. This will comprise of opportunity, we have programmes in place electricity consumption from the new emissions by 1,732 tCO2e a year and the
higher rental values, primarily in the offices for transition to electric buses and LEDs. heating systems will be partially offset operational estate projects would reduce
sector, or lower vacancy rates relative to We are also seeking other technological by using 1,800 square metres of south- emissions by about 300 tCO2e a year.
equivalent properties with lower energy opportunities to decarbonise. We have facing roof space for solar panels, as well
performance certificates, primarily in two examples of being early adopters as other energy-efficiency measures
the retail and industrial sectors. These of technology that we have progressed such as improved insulation and LED
commercial opportunities are likely to in 2024/25: lighting. These upgrades are expected
reduce over the next 10 to 30 years, as to reduce carbon emissions by around
legislation pushes all landlords to upgrade 180 tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent
or risk properties becoming unlettable. In (tCO2e) annually
response, Places for London is developing a
Net Zero Carbon Roadmap and integrating
net zero principles into its upcoming
Business Plan.

--- Page 93 ---
93 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Precipitation risk analysis The costs of other, more or less severe Potential costs are annualised based on
For the precipitation risk we carried out events are therefore not included in these 1-in-200 year events for each asset which
quantitative analysis covering the 280 cost estimates. is a feature of how the flood risk has been
stations, 236 shafts and 39 portals included modelled. This is a simplification of reality
in our London Comprehensive Review Scenario analysis for the precipitation in order to carry out the modelling. The
Flood Risk Phase 1 report from 2016. We risk was carried out quantitatively, using real pattern of events will consist of events
have not allowed for any changes in London baseline data on business interruption with a range of costs, including years with
Underground assets and infrastructure and safety risk cost estimates for London no or much lower costs and years with
that have occurred since this analysis. Underground stations, shafts and portals. events of potentially greater impact than
Although there is a lot of uncertainty, The table below outlines estimated the 1-in-200 year events. The financial
we have determined estimates using changes in the annual risk value across costs estimated below show an average
academic literature and weather modelling each scenario and time horizon. These across all assets considered. Costs may be
information. The analysis only considers percentages should be viewed as indicative particularly large in some individual years
the type of extreme precipitation for 1-in- and not precise values. particularly if multiple assets are affected
200-year three-hour precipitation events. by a single event.
Scenario risk value breakdown Potential annualised risk value and financial impacts
Increase in estimated annual risk value (%) Potential annualised risk value (£m per year, 2025 prices)
Scenario 2030s 2050s 2080s Scenario 2030s 2050s 2080s
Green London in a successful global transition 2 3 3 Green London 4.7 4.8 4.8
London declines in a disorderly transition 8 8 3 London declines 5.0 5.0 4.8
London booms until temperatures soar 15 42 68 London booms 5.3 6.6 7.8
Key scenario information and data sources Risk
Extreme precipitation can lead to flooding of
• UKCP18 temperature and precipitation climate data London Underground station tunnel shafts and
portals due to overwhelmed drainage systems
• Ortec Finance UK economic scenarios
• Mayor’s Transport Strategy scenarios
• NGFS physical climate and transition scenarios
• IPCC SSP-RCP global emissions scenarios

--- Page 94 ---
94 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
The values above indicate the costs institutions to model flood impacts and Building climate resilience across In 2024/25 we updated our procurement
associated with business interruption and collaborating internationally with other the organisation processes to embed sustainability more
safety risk. In addition to the values in transport providers to share best-practice We are strengthening our resilience to deeply. This includes revised tender
the table the financial impacts were also adaptation interventions. climate-related risks through operational questions aligned with our Corporate
assessed qualitatively. Key financial impacts preparedness, sustainable procurement, Environment Plan, enhanced contract
that were identified were: In 2025/26, we will publish London’s Surface data-driven decision-making, and requirements, and standardised
Water Flooding Strategy, developed with integration of environmental considerations sustainability reporting. In 2025/26, we will
• Increased costs of capital expenditure on stakeholders and boroughs to reduce across our projects and programmes. launch our Green Vision for the supply
replacement or improvement of assets flood impacts. We have been working with chain, focusing on green procurement,
stakeholders across London to develop In 2024/25, we conducted a climate zero-emission operations, sustainable
• Increased costs of repair to assets this strategy, which has specific actions on resilience tabletop exercise to test our materials and climate adaptation.
how we can reduce the impacts of flooding response to extreme weather events. The
• Loss of revenue from tenants across the capital. findings are informing improvements to our To support informed decision-making, we
who choose to leave sites due to emergency preparedness. Separately, Places are developing the TfL Climate Adaptation
increased disruptions Our 2025/26 priorities include developing for London completed the first phase of a Data programme. This aims to:
and implementing SuDS pipelines, and climate hazard mapping project, focusing
• Increase in insurance premiums due to progressing existing collaboration initiatives on surface water flooding and urban heat. • Analyse past climate-related impacts on
more frequent and severe flood events such as the London Surface Water Strategy, Phase 2 will incorporate future climate data people, assets, and operations
the tidal flood defences baseline and to guide estate investment decisions.
• Devaluation of assets due to increased SuDS opportunity modelling. Findings will • Improve incident-reporting systems to
risk of flooding and cumulative damages be integrated into our capital strategy to Sustainability and environmental better capture climate-related events
associated with flood events better manage climate-related risks. considerations are embedded in all projects
involving construction, asset upgrades • Track and evaluate adaptation measures
• Potential for claims for loss of income Scenario analysis is an ongoing process. As or system changes. Our environmental over time
from commercial tenants our data capabilities improve, we aim to evaluation tool helps identify and manage
expand our use of quantitative methods environmental risks and opportunities, • Integrate advanced climate hazard
• Higher borrowing costs driven by across a broader range of risks. At this ensuring legal compliance and alignment modelling into risk assessments
increased risk of flooding stage, identifying trends in climate risk with our Green strategy. Sustainability
profiles across scenarios and time horizons impacts covering environmental, economic Improving our data infrastructure will
• Reduced access to financing due provides valuable insights for strategic and social dimensions are assessed through enhance our ability to quantify risks,
to increased exposure to extreme and financial planning. Looking ahead, we our business case methodology. These support external reporting, and enable
precipitation events and risk of flooding plan to refine our analysis to better link include carbon emissions, health and safety, data-driven investment decisions. We
identified risks and opportunities with journey times and green infrastructure. also recognise the need to build climate
To manage surface water flooding, we are specific, actionable measures. This will Risks and trade-offs are captured in risk data literacy across the organisation and
advancing our understanding through the help us enhance network reliability and logs to inform investment decisions. collaborate with external partners to share
London Comprehensive Review Flood Risk safety, while supporting more informed best practices.
programme, identifying priority sites for financial decision-making.
action. We are partnering with academic

--- Page 95 ---
95 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Resourcing our sustainability strategy Scope of emissions reduction included in Risk management Each Level 0 risk is reviewed biannually
through the Climate Budget the Climate Budget: Key sustainability-related risks, and presented to the Board annually. Level
We allocate resource to achieve our opportunities, and emerging trends 1 Green strategic risks are overseen by the
climate-related targets through the • Emissions physically produced in London requiring broader discussions, action or Executive Committee Sustainability sub-
climate budget. The Climate Budget leadership involvement are escalated to our group, covering failure to:
is a requirement from the GLA for • Emissions associated with consumption Executive Committee for decision-making.
all functional bodies. It shows our in London of grid-supplied energy Following sub-group meetings, action on • Adapt assets and operations to
contributions and progress towards climate change, nature and equity, diversity changing climate
the Mayor’s efforts to tackle the • For TfL this means operational carbon and inclusion are embedded into our
climate emergency. and content on our impacts on London’s risk management and strategic decision- • Achieve our carbon reduction goals
transport more widely making processes.
The Climate Budget includes: • Protect, connect and enhance TfL’s
London’s Climate Budget is being We manage sustainability-related risks green estate
• Actions in our Business Plan which introduced in stages with increasing scope. and opportunities through a structured,
contribute to reducing carbon emissions, In future years it is expected to include organisation-wide approach embedded in • Deliver our air quality commitments
both for TfL directly and for London as carbon emissions from our supply chain. our Enterprise risk management framework
a whole (ERMF). This framework ensures consistent • Deliver our environmental
Our 20-year Capital strategy will be directly identification, assessment and oversight of compliance obligations
• Actions not in the Business Plan that or indirectly influenced over time by a risks across all levels of TfL.
TfL could take to further reduce carbon range of factors, including climate and • Achieve our materials, waste and
emissions if it had additional funding ecological change. This strategy is aligned Key sustainability risks and opportunities circular economy objectives
to the Mayor’s policies, and therefore any are escalated to the Executive Committee
• New requirement for 2025: unfunded continued investment in carbon reduction for decisions. The Audit and Assurance We use a consistent methodology to assess
actions that would further reduce carbon or climate change adaptation is contingent Committee oversees the ERMF on behalf risks based on likelihood and impact across
emissions for London as a whole on the priorities of future Mayors. of the Board. Risks are managed across environmental, financial, operational,
three levels: reputational and safety dimensions. Risks
• Climate adaptation measures in the In the 2025/26 Mayor’s Budget, TfL has are recorded in our Active Risk Manager
Business Plan budgeted to spend £2m per year on the • Level 0 (Enterprise): Strategic risks system, assigned owners, and reviewed
implementation of its Green Infrastructure affecting TfL’s overall operations, quarterly. Identification techniques include
and Climate Change Adaptation plan. including ER03 (Environment), which stakeholder workshops, PESTLE and SWOT
covers climate adaptation, mitigation and analysis, and pre-mortems.
nature-related risks
Sustainability risks are embedded in our
• Level 1 (Strategic): Risks aligned with our business case methodology and investment
Vision and values themes decisions. Environmental, economic and
social impacts such as carbon emissions,
• Level 2 (Tactical): Operational risks tied to health and safety, and green infrastructure
specific projects, assets or functions are assessed and valued. Trade-offs
between risks, opportunities and business-
as-usual scenarios are carefully considered.

--- Page 96 ---
96 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
There is a dedicated Enterprise level risk: The process for reviewing risks involves We conducted a detailed qualitative In 2024/25 we carried out work to
ER03 Environment, including climate consultation with subject matter experts assessment of climate hazards across understand our interdependencies in
adaptation. This covers risks associated and other stakeholders, reviewing risk infrastructure, operations, and service regard to physical climate risk. To do
with not meeting environmental scores based on new information and delivery, including London Transport this, we collaborated with stakeholders
commitments and compliance, including progress of mitigation activities, updating Museum, Elizabeth line, Woolwich Ferry, and infrastructure partners, to explore
transition to net zero, adaptation to risk definitions, causes and consequences, Places for London and our Network cascading failures, vulnerabilities and
long-term climate change and extreme and updating actions to reduce risks. Management and Resilience team. The shared resilience opportunities. This
weather events, and nature-related risks. weather constrains our ability to deliver work involved:
Risk owners provide details of the risk We apply scenario analysis to assess services and extreme weather events
assessments including financial impacts, transition, physical and nature-related exacerbate the impact on our network, • The first climate risk assessment
key risk indicators and key mitigations risks, primarily under ER03 (Environment). affecting safety, reliability and financial for London’s highways network, in
to manage the risks. We have worked to These risks are linked to other enterprise factors. The risk assessment highlighted collaboration with London borough
understand the interfaces ER03 has with and strategic risks across the organisation. growing physical climate risks, which are highways officers. A total of 151
other enterprise risks. We identified that Insights from scenario analysis will be now embedded in our risk management risks were identified and 63 actions
ER03 interfaces with the enterprise risks incorporated into risk profiles during and used to guide strategic and financial were recommended
which cover areas such as: 2025/26 as part of our regular review cycle. planning for climate adaptation.
• The first characterisation of upstream
• Our ability to deliver safety objectives How do we assess physical climate risk? We have work ongoing to embed the risks and downstream impact pathways
and obligations Both chronic and acute physical climate identified in our Climate Risk Assessment for London’s road and rail sector and
risks are assessed as part of our Adaptation into the ERMF at Level 2. This will enable first attempt to score the 114 identified
• Attraction, retention, wellbeing and Reporting Power (ARP) process. In oversight and ownership of risks to teams interdependent climate risks. This
health of our employees December 2024 we submitted our fourth within the business that are responsible project was developed in collaboration
report to the Department for Environment, for managing those risks. We are working with key transport sector stakeholders
• Supply chain disruption Food and Rural Affairs as part of our with our Guiding Minds steering group, and involved several workshops with
continued voluntary disclosures. Our which includes Engineering, Asset Strategy stakeholders in key sectors, such as
• Ineffective procurement and services are intrinsically linked to the and Asset Operations to determine power and communications. The project
contract management natural environment, therefore many of relevant teams. developed recommended actions to
our most material climate risks are physical reduce these risks in the short, medium
• Deterioration of operational performance risks. In 2024/25 we completed an updated and long term through collaboration
climate risk assessment, with around 500 with stakeholders
• Financial resilience climate risks identified.
• Delivery of key investment programmes
and projects
• Changes in customer demand

--- Page 97 ---
97 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
In 2025/26, we will collaborate with the biodiversity reinstatements to meet legal We use a structured, multi-layered
Transport Adaptation Steering Group biodiversity net gain and other corporate approach to track sustainability progress,
to develop strategies for addressing requirements. Within Pathway is a tool combining scorecards, roadmap reviews,
interdependencies with sectors critical called the Environmental Evaluation, which and governance oversight. The TfL
to transport operators. Together, we will facilitates a rigorous process to establish Scorecard and Green Roadmap set quarterly
create measures to effectively manage the monitoring of nature-related risks, and annual targets, shaped by legal and
climate risks. Key stakeholders not taking biodiversity impacts, carbon impacts and policy requirements like the Environment
sufficient action to adapt to climate climate risk. Act 2021. Local scorecards align with
change have been included at Level 1 of our corporate goals to ensure accountability,
ERMF. We are continuing our engagement Metrics and targets while a dedicated Mayor’s Transport
and collaboration activities with external Sustainability targets, monitoring and Strategy tracker monitors outcomes not
stakeholders to reduce climate risk. performance linkages covered by the scorecard.
Sustainability and climate-related targets
Identifying nature-related dependencies are embedded within our governance Our strategic plans, including the
in our value chain framework and aligned with the Mayor’s Climate Change Adaptation plan, Green
The Natural Capital Protocol guided us Transport Strategy, London Environment Infrastructure and Biodiversity plan and
to assess our nature-related impacts Strategy and our Corporate Environment Equity in Motion, translate high-level
and dependencies as part of TfL’s first Plan. The Executive Committee and targets into actionable steps across teams.
natural capital account. This provides an its Sustainability sub-group oversee
overarching picture of the risks that have target setting, ensuring alignment with Remuneration for executives and senior
potential to impact the quality and quantity strategic priorities, legal obligations and leaders is directly linked to Scorecard
of our natural assets. We will investigate emerging risks. Our sustainability metrics performance, including delivery against
nature-related risk assessment tools that are designed to support strategic goals environmental and climate-related targets.
would provide details of significant risks we such as achieving net zero operational This ensures accountability and reinforces
have to consider. carbon emissions by 2030 and enhancing the integration of sustainability into
biodiversity across our estate. We have set organisational performance.
We have introduced processes by which a range of targets to drive sustainability
projects must assess the impact they agenda across environmental, operational
make on the natural environment and and community impact areas, which are
associated risks. Initially project sponsors, included in the climate budget.
along with project managers, identify
how planned developments pose a risk To set our targets we draw on industry
to the natural environment. Projects frameworks such as the Sustainable Rail
then manage and mitigate impacts with blueprint, and are collaborating with the
relevant measures outlined in Pathway DfT and the Rail Safety and Standards Board
(TfL’s delivery methodology for projects to develop new climate resilience metrics,
and programmes) and create appropriate expected in 2025/26.

--- Page 98 ---
98 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Carbon emissions are a key metric. We emissions targets. Our net zero target by
report annually in line with Streamlined 2030 covers all Scope 1 and 2 emissions, and
Energy and Carbon Reporting and relevant Scope 3 emissions from services
calculate Scope 1 and 2 emissions using the such as buses and rail franchises. Emissions
Greenhouse Gas Protocol. We have used forecasts are published in the Mayor’s
invoiced consumption and metered data and Climate Budget, and internal Scorecard
have calculated emissions using government targets are aligned with these forecasts.
conversion factors for company reporting
of greenhouse gas emissions in 2024. In Our performance against our 2024/25
2024/25, we received Science Based Targets scorecard targets is displayed in the
initiative validation for our Scope 1, 2 and 3 table below.
Measure and metric breakdown
Measure Metric description Rationale for inclusion Target 2024/25 performance
Carbon dioxide emissions from TfL operations and building We have retained this metric on the scorecard to To track and show the TfL-wide decarbonisation we intend 812 784
(ktonnes CO2e) demonstrate our commitment to addressing the global to achieve, keep us on track with our commitments, and, in
climate change emergency. It measures the level of the long term, encourage a carbon-conscious culture.
emissions across the whole of our operations – burning
fuel (Buses, Dial-a-Ride fleet) and our direct electricity
use (our buildings, London Underground, Rail). London
Underground energy and Buses emission forecasts are
aligned to percentage of service operated and revised
budget operated kilometre targets respectively.
Green milestone delivery (per cent) This is a basket of delivery milestones, which each have This new measure will help to further develop our plans 70 73
an assigned delivery date within the 2024/25 financial and focus delivery across the business to deliver against
year. They cover the delivery of Green (or carbon-specific) our Green ambitions.
activities that involve all teams across TfL and focus on the
delivery of key operational, investment activities and work
underway in planning stages.
Sustainable drainage (SuDs) delivery (square metres) This captures the cumulative total new rainwater Sustainable drainage supports our Green priorities and 5,000 17,426
catchment area draining into SuDS delivered via 2030 outcomes set out in the TfL strategy. This includes
TfL projects. a 5,000 square metre catchment area annual ambition,
and is a target in the Mayor’s Transport Strategy.
Sustainable drainage also forms a key aspect of our
Green Infrastructure and Biodiversity plan as we design
infrastructure that can support increasing episodes of
extreme weather events.

--- Page 99 ---
99 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
Third-party validation of climate targets In 2024/25, we: For physical climate risk, we use the Adaptation plan to unlock
Our climate targets have been adaptation progress. Reflecting TfL’s maturity on adaptation, the actions
independently validated by the Science • Transitioned 500 additional buses to zero in the Climate Change Adaptation plan aim to build organisational
Based Targets initiative, confirming emission (total: 1,900) capacity, improve understanding of climate-related risks, and integrate
alignment with the Paris Agreement and a adaptation measures into the planning, design and maintenance of
1.5°C pathway. • Converted 15 Tube stations to LED assets and infrastructure. Our adaptation highlights in 2024/25 include:
lighting, including King’s Cross
Net Zero target:
• Launched a Solar Private Wire tender Climate Change Adaptation plan action progress
• Achieve net zero greenhouse gas to directly connect solar energy to
emissions across our value chain by 2040 our network
Action Progress in 2024/25
Near-term targets (by 2030, from a 2022 • Allocated capital to support a fully
base year): zero-emission bus fleet by 2030, with Create a budget specifically for adaptation This has been in place for 2023/24 and 2024/25, with more than £1m
3,000 buses planned by March 2026 measures, SuDS installation allocated to the delivery of SuDS from across these two financial
years (noting that the majority of SuDS funding is delivered as part
• Reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by
of other projects, which is the preferred approach)
90 per cent • Applied carbon pricing in business case
evaluations using Department for Energy Deliver 5,000 square metres of highways We delivered 5,540 square metres at Joe Strummer subway and
• Reduce Scope 3 emissions by 45 per cent Security and Net Zero carbon valuation SuDS catchment each year London Road roundabout in Twickenham
guidance, integrating monetised carbon
Collaborate across industry, with the In December 2024, we published a report on our ground-breaking
Long-term targets (by 2040, from a 2022 savings into economic appraisals. While
Government, regulators and other climate interdependencies work, which has been well received by
base year): we do not currently trade carbon credits, stakeholder and infrastructure operators the Department for Transport, the Department for Environment,
we are exploring their potential role in to develop joint plans and understand and Food and Rural Affairs, and the Office of Rail and Road
manage interdependencies
• Maintain 90 per cent reduction in Scope 1 supporting our net zero transition.
and 2 emissions
Develop a framework to provide detailed Our work on scenario analysis has resulted in invitations to
Physical climate risk targets climate-related reporting following the present to the Treasury and National Audit Office, which have
• Reduce Scope 3 emissions by 90 per cent For climate change adaptation our target Task Force on Climate-Related Financial taken place and were well received
Disclosures framework
is to deliver 5,000 square metres of
We monitor carbon emissions and energy catchment on our highways. This measure,
Develop the enterprise risk management We now include physical climate risks at both Level 0 and Level 1
use annually in line with Streamlined which supports resilience against flooding framework (ERM) to fully include climate risk of our ERM framework, helping to ensure TfL-wide scrutiny and
Energy and Carbon Reporting and the and water management, is also reflected and adaptation measures raising awareness of the risks
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, using invoiced in TfL’s scorecard, which sets a stretch
Integrate adaptation into business planning Adaptation has been factored into the Strategic outcomes
and metered data with UK government target of delivering 9,000 square metres of
and create a programme to continually framework for capital projects and Asset management objectives
conversion factors. catchment area draining into SuDS across review processes for renewals, and we are exploring how it can be embedded into
TfL’s estate. the developing Common outcomes framework
Engage with the development of the rail This has now been in use for two years and we have made more
sector’s adaptation maturity matrix and rapid progress in comparison with the rail sector as a whole
assess its potential for use in TfL
Review options for the development of a The TfL Scorecard SuDS measure includes a floor target that
non-highways SuDS target reflects the plan’s TfL Road Network SuDS target, but also a stretch
target that can be met with SuDS delivered across the TfL estate.

--- Page 100 ---
100 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
We will continue our progress on • Progressing existing collaboration Green Infrastructure and Biodiversity plan progress
adaptation actions, through our adaptation initiatives such as the London Surface
priorities for 2025/26, which were endorsed Water Strategy, tidal flood defence
by our Executive Committee Sustainability baseline and SuDS opportunity modelling
Actions Progress in 2024/25
sub-group in January 2025. The progress
of priorities will be tracked through the • Complying with the International Create and deliver training, tools and We have developed bespoke training on climate change adaptation,
Sustainability sub-group and Adaptation Sustainability Standards Board’s guidance by the end of 2025 to ensure green infrastructure and biodiversity that has been piloted with
TfL meets its policy commitments and multiple teams across the organisation. We plan to launch the training
steering group. These priorities include: reporting requirements.
legal requirements this summer, initially targeting stakeholders involved in project
development and delivery
• Assessing how best to integrate the latest Nature-related risk targets
ARP climate risk assessment into our Our Green Infrastructure and Biodiversity Identify locations for green We have updated our biodiversity baseline map, which has identified
infrastructure and biodiversity 1,312 hectares of habitat across the TfL estate (covering 35 per cent
existing risk management framework, and plan includes several nature-related targets:
enhancement and creation by the end of its area), with a large part that may be suitable for biodiversity
provide clarity on climate risk ownership
of 2025 enhancement as part of meeting our legal obligations on biodiversity
• To achieve 10 per cent biodiversity net net gain
• Conducting a gap analysis of relevant TfL gain. In 2024/25 we achieved 10 per cent
Look after and expand our wildflower We have doubled our wildflower verges from 130,000 to 260,000
reporting systems and processes to enable biodiversity net gain for applicable
verges, and explore their potential to square metres in 2024 and are planning to double this again by spring
quantitative climate risk assessment to projects, such as planning system
deliver biodiversity net gain 2026. We have launched our wildflower verges brochure with the
help us establish a quantitative baseline projects and Nationally Significant boroughs with an online knowledge-sharing session, to help raise
of how weather affects TfL now Infrastructure Projects awareness of the different approaches to verge management and
their benefits
• Developing next steps from Exercise • Expand wildflower verges to support
Tempest (our first extreme weather- local biodiversity and improve green
related exercise, led by the Network space. In 2024/25 we achieved 260,000
Management and Resilience team in July square metres of wildflower verge Our Green Infrastructure steering group • Develop a data management system and
2024, which considered high temperatures (GISG) has identified the following associated governance for biodiversity
and multiple climate hazards (heatwave We track progress of our nature-related priority areas for 2025/26, which will net gain data handling and reporting
followed by severe rainfall and flooding). metrics through the Green Infrastructure be tracked through the GISG and
One of the key recommendations was to and Biodiversity plan. The actions outlined monitored by the Executive Committee • Progress the development of a cross-
improve our understanding of the impacts in the plan are centred around targeted Sustainability sub-group: organisation tree canopy cover plan
of high temperatures on people activities to make green infrastructure a
core part of TfL and Places for London • Embed biodiversity net gain into our • Identify the data required to generate
• Developing adaptation weather guidance culture, advocated by leaders and processes, including updating and a more accurate future natural
championed in every team. These include creating new Pathway product templates capital account
• Developing and implementing a SuDS incorporating green infrastructure as a
pipeline, in line with the TfL Scorecard and requirement into standards, specifications, • Develop a strategic biodiversity net gain • Conduct a nature-related risk
Climate Change Adaptation plan targets contracts and management systems, and business case for TfL assessment to better inform our
delivering green infrastructure through sustainability reporting
• Delivering the adaptation, green business planning, asset management • Continue Habitat Bank feasibility
infrastructure and biodiversity training and procurement. work, including development of
course (also a priority for progressing the Habitat Bank principles and supply and
Green Infrastructure and Biodiversity plan) demand assessment

--- Page 101 ---
101 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
External audit TfL’s Audit and Assurance Committee, Under TfL’s policy on external audit Under the GLA Act 1999, the Corporation is
Appointment, re-appointment and through the use of questionnaires and services, Ernst & Young LLP is required to treated as a Local Authority for accounting
assessment of effectiveness reports, formally reviews the performance report to the Committee every six months purposes and the Statement of Accounts,
In July 2016, the Secretary of State specified of the external auditors at least annually on fees billed for non-audit services. During which includes the individual financial
Public Sector Audit Appointments Limited against the four criteria of: 2024/25, the non-audit services provided statements of the Corporation as well as
(PSAA) as an appointing person under the by Ernst & Young LLP were in respect of those of the TfL Group, has been prepared
Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014. • Qualification audit-related services provided in relation in accordance with the Code of Practice on
This meant that for audits of accounts to the use of grant monies received and Local Authority Accounting in the United
from 2018/19, PSAA was responsible for • Expertise and resources for procedures relating to regulation 4 of Kingdom 2024/25 (the Code), which is
appointing an auditor to, and setting the the Railway Safety Levy Regulations 2006. based on approved accounting standards
level of audit fees for, relevant bodies that • Effectiveness Total non-audit fees for the TfL Group issued by the International Accounting
have chosen to opt into its national auditor represented one per cent of the total Standards Board and interpretations of
appointment scheme. TfL has opted into • Independence statutory audit fees paid in respect of the the International Financial Reporting
this scheme. combined audit for the TfL and Transport Interpretations Committee, except where
The Audit and Assurance Committee Trading Limited (TTL) Groups, and seven per these are inconsistent with specific
In order for an audit firm to be eligible to remains satisfied with the quality, integrity cent of the audit fee of the Corporation as statutory requirements.
tender for an audit contract with PSAA, and the effectiveness of the work a single entity for 2024/25.
the firm must appear on the Institute of undertaken by Ernst & Young LLP. The Our subsidiaries are subject to the
Chartered Accountants in England and Committee carries out regular reviews Accounting statements accounting requirements of the Companies
Wales (ICAEW) register of Local Auditors, to ensure that auditor objectivity and TfL is a statutory corporation established Act 2006 and separate statutory accounts
having fulfilled the criteria determined by independence is maintained at all times. by section 154 of the GLA Act 1999. It is a are prepared for each subsidiary and
legislation as evaluated by the ICAEW (The functional body of the GLA and reports to for the TTL Group. These accounts are
Recognised Supervisor Body). Contracts Non-audit services the Mayor of London. prepared under International Financial
were awarded after a competitive Under guidance issued by Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the UK.
tender that balanced audit quality with Reporting Council in December 2019, only The legal structure is complex in Appropriate adjustments are made to the
price. The primary consideration in non-audit work that is closely related to comparison to that of most local accounting policies of the subsidiaries upon
allocating proposed appointments to the statutory audit may be undertaken by authorities and comprises: consolidation into the TfL Group financial
individual opted-in bodies was to ensure an entity’s auditor. Furthermore, total fees statements to ensure they are aligned to
independence. TfL’s appointed external for non-audit services provided is limited to • The Corporation, which is made up of the requirements of the Code.
auditor is Ernst & Young LLP. no more than 70 per cent of the average of London Streets, Taxi and Private Hire, and
the fees paid in the last three consecutive the corporate centre which, for legal and
Ernst & Young LLP have been appointed by financial years for the audit of the audited accounting purposes, constitutes TfL
the PSAA as auditor of TfL for the duration entity and of its controlled undertakings
of the five-year appointing period, covering and of the consolidated financial • The TfL Group, which is made up of the
the audit of the accounts from 2023/24 statements of that group of undertakings. Corporation and its subsidiaries, joint
to 2027/28. ventures and associated undertakings as
set out in Notes 17, 18 and 19

--- Page 102 ---
102 Narrative Report and Financial Review Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Narrative Report and Financial Review
(continued)
The financial statements for the TfL Purposes of major schedules within available to provide services if the assets
Group, which consolidate the accounts the financial statements were sold, and reserves that hold timing
of the Corporation, its subsidiaries, The nature and purpose of the primary differences shown in the movement in
and the Group’s share of the results schedules included within the financial reserves statement line ‘Adjustments
and net assets of its joint ventures and statements are set out below: between accounting basis and funding basis
associated undertakings on the basis under regulations’.
set out in the Statement of Accounting Comprehensive Income and
Policies (paragraph c) are here presented Expenditure Statement The Cash Flow Statement
alongside the financial statements of This statement shows both the revenue The Cash Flow Statement shows our
the Corporation. received and the costs incurred in the changes in cash and cash equivalents
year of providing services, in accordance during the financial year. The statement
The Statement of Accounts comprises: with Generally Accepted Accounting shows how we generate and uses cash and
Practices. Other comprehensive income cash equivalents by classifying cash flows
• The Group and Corporation and expenditure comprises unrealised as derived from operating, investing and
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure gains and losses including revaluation gains financing activities. The amount of net cash
Statements, Balance Sheets, Cash on property, plant and equipment, fair flows arising from operating activities is
Flow Statements and the Movement in value movements on derivative financial a key indicator of the extent to which our
Reserves Statements instruments and remeasurement gains or operations are funded by way of passenger
losses on defined benefit pension schemes. income and grants. Investing activities
• The Statement of Accounting Policies represent the extent to which cash
The Balance Sheet outflows have been made for resources
• The Statement of Responsibilities for The Balance Sheet shows the value as at which are intended to contribute to our
the Accounts the balance sheet date of the assets and future service delivery.
liabilities recognised by TfL. The net assets
• Notes to the Group and Corporation of TfL (assets less liabilities) are matched Movement in Reserves Statement
financial statements by the reserves held by TfL. Reserves This statement shows the movement
are reported in two categories. The first in the year on the different reserves we
References to the ‘Corporation’ relate to category is usable reserves, being those held, analysed into usable reserves and
the transactions, assets and liabilities of reserves that TfL may use to provide other reserves. The surplus or deficit on
TfL. References to the ‘Group’ relate to the services, subject to the need to maintain the provision of services is different from
accounts of TfL and its subsidiaries. a prudent level of reserves. The second the statutory amounts required to be
category is those reserves that TfL is charged to the General Fund balance. The
not able to use to provide services. This net increase/decrease before transfers
category of reserves includes reserves to Earmarked Reserves line shows the
that hold unrealised gains and losses statutory General Fund balance before
(for example the Revaluation Reserve), any discretionary transfers to or from
where amounts would only become Earmarked Reserves.

--- Page 103 ---
103 Statement of Responsibilities for the Accounts Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Statement of Responsibilities for the Accounts
Statutory Chief Finance Officer • Complied with the Code
certification
The Corporation is required to: • Kept proper accounting records which
were up to date
• Make arrangements for the proper
administration of its financial affairs • Taken reasonable steps for the
and to secure that one of its officers prevention and detection of fraud and
(the Statutory Chief Finance Officer) has other irregularities
responsibility for the administration of
those affairs I certify that the Statement of Accounts
gives a true and fair view of the financial
• Manage its affairs to secure economic, position of the Corporation and Group
efficient and effective use of resources at the accounting date and of the income
and safeguard its assets and expenditure for the year ended
31 March 2025.
• Approve the Statement of Accounts
The Statutory Chief Finance Officer is
responsible for the preparation of the
Statement of Accounts for the Corporation
and the Group in accordance with proper
practices as set out in the CIPFA/LASAAC
Code of Practice on Local Authority
Accounting in the United Kingdom
(the Code). Patrick Doig
Statutory Chief Finance Officer
In preparing this Statement of Accounts, 24 September 2025
the Statutory Chief Finance Officer has:
• Selected suitable accounting policies and
then applied them consistently
• Made judgements and estimates that
were reasonable and prudent
We take our financial responsibilities seriously

--- Page 104 ---
104 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
Opinion In our opinion the financial statements: Conclusions relating to going concern • We have assessed the adequacy of
We have audited the financial statements In auditing the financial statements, we the going concern disclosures relating
of Transport for London (‘the Corporation’) • give a true and fair view of the financial have concluded that the directors’ use to the ability to deliver current
and its subsidiaries (‘the Group’) for the position of Transport for London and of the going concern basis of accounting planned operational services within
year ended 31 March 2025. The financial the Group as at 31 March 2025 and of in the preparation of the financial available sources of funding in the
statements comprise the: its expenditure and income for the year statements is appropriate. Our evaluation financial statements
then ended; of the directors’ assessment of the Group
• Group Comprehensive Income and and Corporation’s ability to continue Based on the work we have performed,
Expenditure Statement • have been properly prepared in to adopt the going concern basis of we have not identified any material
accordance with the CIPFA/LASAAC Code accounting included: uncertainties relating to events or
• Group Balance Sheet of Practice on Local Authority Accounting conditions that, individually or collectively,
in the United Kingdom 2024/25; and • We have understood management’s may cast significant doubt on the group and
• Group Movement in Reserves Statement assessment of funding requirements Corporation’s ability to continue as a going
• have been prepared in accordance with and commitments for the going concern concern for a period to 31 March 2027.
• Group Statement of Cash Flows the requirements of the Local Audit and period to 31 March 2027 by reconciling
Accountability Act 2014 (as amended) 2025/26 and 2026/27 budget information Our responsibilities and the responsibilities
• Corporation Comprehensive Income and to supporting evidence of the Board with respect to going concern
Expenditure Statement Basis for opinion are described in the relevant sections
We conducted our audit in accordance • We have considered the historical of this report. However, because not
• Corporation Balance Sheet with International Standards on Auditing accuracy of management’s budgets all future events or conditions can be
(UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our and forecasting by comparing outturn predicted, this statement is not a guarantee
• Corporation Movement in responsibilities under those standards to budget for the last two years, to as to the group’s ability to continue as a
Reserves Statement are further described in the Auditor’s assess the risk of the budgets omitting going concern.
responsibilities for the audit of the material commitments
• Corporation Statement of Cash Flows financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the group and • We have assessed performance to date Overview of our audit approach
• Accounting Policies parent company in accordance with the on efficiency savings programmes to
Audit scope • We performed an audit of the
ethical requirements that are relevant determine the risk of non-delivery of
complete financial information
• Accounting Judgements and Estimates to our audit of the financial statements savings assumed within the budget
of two components
in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical
• the related Notes 1 to 44 Standard as applied to listed public interest • We have considered the mitigations Key audit • Fares revenue
matters
entities and the Code of Audit Practice available to TfL in the event of non- • Capital projects
The financial reporting framework that 2024, and we have fulfilled our other delivery of savings, including challenging
• Property valuation
has been applied in their preparation is ethical responsibilities in accordance with the assumptions over access to
• Cyber incident
applicable law and the CIPFA/LASAAC Code these requirements. further borrowing to determine the
of Practice on Local Authority Accounting reasonableness of those options. We Materiality • Overall group materiality of
in the United Kingdom 2024/25. We believe that the audit evidence we have assessed the headroom available against £119m which represents one per
cent of group operating and
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to TfL’s Authorised Prudential Borrowing
capital expenditure
provide a basis for our opinion. Limit over the going concern period and
considered the accessibility of borrowing
from the Public Works Loans Board

--- Page 105 ---
105 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
An overview of the scope of the parent Group and London Transport Insurance We then considered whether the remaining These are explained on pages 83-100 which
and group audits (Guernsey) Limited. Only Transport Trading group significant account balances not yet form part of the “Other information,” rather
Tailoring the scope Limited and the Corporation are material subject to audit procedures, in aggregate, than the audited financial statements. Our
In the current year our audit scoping to the Group, representing 100 per cent of could give rise to a risk of material procedures on these unaudited disclosures
has been updated to reflect the new the Group’s expenditure. The other entity misstatement of the group financial therefore consisted solely of considering
requirements of ISA (UK) 600 (Revised). represents less than 0.5 per cent of Group’s statements. We did not select any further whether they are materially inconsistent
We have followed a risk-based approach expenditure, revenue and total assets and is components of the group to include in our with the financial statements or our
when developing our audit approach to considered immaterial to the Group. audit scope to address these risks. knowledge obtained in the course of the
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence audit or otherwise appear to be materially
on which to base our audit opinion. We We performed an audit of the complete Our scoping to address the risk of material misstated, in line with our responsibilities
performed risk assessment procedures financial information of Transport for misstatement for each key audit matter is on “Other information”.
to identify and assess risks of material London Corporation and Transport set out in the Key audit matters section of
misstatement of the Group financial Trading Limited (“full scope components”) our report. In planning and performing our audit we
statements and identified significant which were selected based on their assessed the potential impacts of climate
accounts and disclosures. size or risk characteristics. For the Involvement with component teams change on the Group’s business and any
remaining component we performed All audit work performed for the purposes consequential material impact on its
When identifying components at which other audit procedures including of the audit was undertaken by the Group financial statements.
audit work needed to be performed analytical review, testing of consolidation audit team.
to respond to the identified risks of journals and intercompany eliminations As explained in the Accounting Policies,
material misstatement of the Group to respond to any potential risks of Climate change governmental and societal responses to
financial statements, we considered material misstatement to the Group Stakeholders are increasingly interested in climate change risks are still developing,
our understanding of the Group and its financial statements. how climate change will impact Transport and are interdependent upon each other,
business environment, the potential impact for London. The Group has determined and consequently financial statements
of climate change, the applicable financial For those individually relevant components that the most significant future impacts cannot capture all possible future
framework, the group’s system of internal we identified the significant accounts from climate change on its operations outcomes as these are not yet known.
control at the entity level, the existence of where audit work needed to be performed, will be from the impact of the increase There are no significant judgements or
centralised processes, applications and any at these components by applying in frequency of extreme weather events estimates relating to climate change in the
relevant internal audit results. professional judgement, having considered with periods of hot and cold weather, flash notes to the financial statements as it is not
the group significant accounts on which flooding and storm events. Such events can considered that climate change risks have a
In assessing the risk of material centralised procedures will be performed, cause widespread disruption to operations material impact on the Group’s judgements
misstatement to the Group financial the reasons for identifying the financial and damage to assets whether caused by or sources of estimation uncertainty.
statements, we have ensured we have reporting component as an individually falling debris, flooding or failure of assets.
adequate quantitative coverage of relevant component and the size of the
significant accounts in the financial component’s account balance relative to
statements, across the three reporting the group significant financial statement
components: Transport for London account balance.
Corporation, Transport Trading Limited

--- Page 106 ---
106 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the
Members of Transport for London
(continued)
Our audit effort in considering the Key audit matters
impact of climate change on the financial Key audit matters are those matters
statements was focused on evaluating that, in our professional judgement, were
management’s assessment that there of most significance in our audit of the
is no impact of climate change risk, the financial statements of the current period
adequacy of the Group disclosures in the and include the most significant assessed
financial statements and the conclusion risks of material misstatement (whether
that there is limited effect on accounting or not due to fraud) that we identified.
judgement and estimates for the current These matters included those which had
period or have any other impact on the the greatest effect on: the overall audit
financial statements as disclosed in strategy, the allocation of resources in
Climate Change in 'Accounting Judgements the audit; and directing the efforts of the
and Estimates. We also challenged the engagement team. These matters were
Group’s considerations of climate change addressed in the context of our audit of the
in their assessment of going concern and financial statements as a whole, and in our
associated disclosures. As part of this opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
evaluation, we performed our own risk separate opinion on these matters.
assessment, supported by our climate
change internal specialists to determine
the risks of material misstatement in the
financial statements from climate change
which needed to be considered in our audit.
Based on our work we have not identified
the impact of climate change on the
financial statements to be a key audit
matter or to impact a key audit matter.
We consider how climate change will affect our decisions

--- Page 107 ---
107 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
Fares revenue
Risk Our response to the risk Key observations communicated to the Audit and Assurance Committee
Passenger income £5,004.4m (2024 £4,843.1m) – refer to Note 1 in the Our testing of revenue recognition included both tests of control and We have completed our controls testing and our transaction testing over
consolidated financial statements. substantive testing. invoices and joint ticketing facilities reports and have not identified any
misstatements. We have completed our substantive testing of fares and
Transport for London generated 71.9 per cent of its revenue from fares charged Our test of controls focused on the effectiveness of controls over cash
agree that the amount recorded in the financial statements is consistent with
to customers during FY24/25. collection and sales made at various outlets to provide evidence of existence
underlying supporting documents.
of passenger income and services delivered.
Fares revenue remains a focus of the financial statements audit due to the
We have obtained and reviewed service auditors’ ISAE3402 reports and
complexity and amount of judgement associated with it. This risk over revenue We obtained an understanding of the processes for recording fares revenue
agreed procedures report as part of our testing over contactless ticketing
recognition specifically arises in the following judgemental areas, where there including the IT applications.
and Oyster Pay As You Go. We have reviewed our audit strategy in respect
is opportunity to overstate revenue:
We utilised the conclusions from the service auditors’ ISAE3402 reports of fares revenue and have performed suitable alternative procedures to
• Oyster Pay As You Go and Contactless Pay: Revenue is recognised on a real on the controls operated over contactless ticketing and Oyster Pay as You ensure that controls continued to operate effectively throughout the year, to
time basis and is apportioned between TfL and train operating companies Go including those controls over apportionment. One of the reports was provide us with sufficient assurance over revenue. We evaluated the controls
where necessary. Given the complexity related to apportionment and qualified on the basis of limited access to information during the period of operated over contactless ticketing and Oyster Pay As You Go, including
the potential incentive to misstate revenue, TfL requires a robust control the cyber incident. We have reviewed our audit strategy in respect of fares those relating to the apportionment of fares income and settlement
environment to ensure that TfL’s share of fares is accurately recognised as revenue and have performed suitable alternative procedures to ensure that between train operating companies and the Group. Our procedures included
revenue and amounts due to the train operating companies are excluded as controls continued to operate effectively throughout the year, to provide leveraging the conclusions from the ISAE 3402 report issued by the service
well as reflecting a level of expected refunds. us with sufficient assurance over revenue. We involved our IT specialists auditor. In response to the identified cyber incident, we involved our IT
to review the impact of the qualified opinion due to limited access to specialists to assess its impact on the relevant systems. We also performed
• Travelcard and Through Ticket: Revenue from annual or periodic tickets and
information during the period of the cyber incident. sample testing to confirm the accuracy of fare apportionment and
travel cards is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of validity
settlement, taking into account the service auditor’s conclusions.
of the ticket or travel card. Revenue received in advance is released over Our substantive testing of revenue relating to Oyster Pay as You
the validity period. Daily travelcards and Through Tickets are recognised on Go, Contactless Pay, Travelcard and Through Ticket included the
the day of purchase. All the above is apportioned between TfL and the train following procedures:
operating companies based on agreed apportionment factors.
• We selected a sample of weekly sales reported in the sales database
and agreed this to raw sales data from the Central Data System which
records all journey transactions. We agreed the total revenue per the sales
database for the year to the amount recorded as revenue
• We agreed a sample of periodic net settlements between TfL and the train
operating companies (managed by the Rail Delivery Group) for Contactless
Pay, Oyster and Travelcard to invoices received from the Rail Delivery
Group and to the bank statement
• We agreed the values reported as revenue in advance by performing a
recalculation of the closing balance using the sales database that records
sales of travelcards and oyster cards and the revenue recognised for the
year recorded when customers take journeys
We performed full scope audit procedures over this risk area for the whole
Group, which covered 100 per cent of passenger income

--- Page 108 ---
108 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
Capital projects
Risk Our response to the risk Key observations communicated to the Audit and Assurance Committee
Additions to Group property, plant and equipment £1,797.5m (2024: Testing of capital expenditure included both tests of controls and We are satisfied that the capitalised costs in the year meet the criteria for
£1,981.2m) – refer to Note 13 in the consolidated financial statements. substantive testing to assess whether the expenditure capitalised in capitalisation of IAS16: Property, Plant and Equipment as applied by the
property, plant and equipment met the criteria under IAS16. CIPFA/LASAAC Code of Practice on Local Authority Accounting in the United
The TfL Group undertakes multiple capital projects at any point in time.
Kingdom 2024/25.
These projects vary in size, complexity and length of time to complete and We have gained an understanding of key controls and governance
therefore there is a risk of inappropriate capitalisation of costs that do not surrounding capital project accounting and management.
meet the criteria of IAS16: Property, Plant and Equipment as applied by the
Our test of controls focused on those that related to the approval of capital
CIPFA/LASAAC Code of Practice on Local Authority Accounting in the United
expenditure recorded in property, plant and equipment to evidence of
Kingdom 2024/25.
appropriate authorisation and of review of amounts capitalised.
The following procedures were performed as part of our substantive testing:
• We selected a sample of major projects and tested expenditure capitalised
during the financial period to supporting project documentation, including
third party reports, invoices, contracts and other documentation received
from contractors and suppliers, and assessed whether the expenditure
met the criteria for capitalisation
• We met with project managers for the projects sampled to understand
the scope, progress and viability of the project, to enable us to consider
whether the accounting amounts recorded were consistent with the
understanding gained of any delivery challenges encountered, or disputes
with contractors and to consider whether this indicated any expenditure
did not meet the criteria for capitalisation
• We compared the latest positions of the projects recorded in respect
of “pain or gain” arrangements to contract terms and conditions and to
the latest project outturn forecasts to assess the related value recorded
in accruals
• We performed detailed testing on a sample of capital accruals to source
documentation to test completeness of costs recognised at 31 March 2025
• We visited a sample of project sites to further understand the scope and
the progress on these projects, to enable us to challenge whether costs
capitalised were appropriate
We performed full scope audit procedures over this risk area for the whole
Group, which covered 100 per cent of the risk amount.

--- Page 109 ---
109 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
Property valuation
Risk Our response to the risk Key observations communicated to the Audit and Assurance Committee
Investment properties £1,603.6m (2024: £1,615.1m) The following procedures were performed: We have tested the inputs, assumptions and methodology used by CBRE
and we have concluded that property valuations were within an acceptable
The TfL Group has an extensive and diversified property portfolio across • We obtained an understanding of management’s process and controls
range and in compliance IAS 40: Investment Property as applied by the
London. Any changes to the assumptions used to value properties within the around the valuation of properties
CIPFA/LASAAC Code of Practice on Local Authority Accounting in the United
portfolio could have a significant impact on the financial statements due to
• We obtained management’s valuations report for properties valued at Kingdom 2024/25.
the nature of the properties. External valuers perform a detailed valuation
31 March 2025
across the property portfolio during each financial year. Significant judgement
is used during the valuation of the property portfolio due to the uniqueness • We evaluated the competence of the Group’s external valuers, CBRE, which
thereof. Inaccuracies in inputs or inappropriate assumptions used in these included consideration of their qualifications, expertise and independence
judgements (including the estimated rental value and yield profile applied)
• We agreed the valuations in the external valuers’ report to the financial
could result in a material misstatement of the balance sheet.
statements to confirm the accuracy of the accounting entries
• We challenged management and the external valuers on the
appropriateness of the methodology applied and key judgements used
in the valuation, through comparing applied rental rates and yields to
expected ranges based on market data and asset specific considerations
• We challenged whether certain assets were classified correctly as
Investment Property under IAS 40 or whether they should be classified as
operational assets under IAS 16 or lease receivables under IFRS 16
• We selected a sample of investment properties based on value risk and
to obtain a representation across all asset classes. For this sample we
tested source documentation provided by the Group to CBRE and the
appropriateness of assumptions applied. This included agreeing a sample
back to underlying lease data
• For selected assets within this sample, determined by risk factors such as
project-based valuations or significant value movements, our valuation
experts assisted with challenging the valuation methods applied and
comparing property yields to market data. They also assisted with
assessing other assumptions such as estimated rental values, voids and
tenant incentives to available data, and checking whether relevant market
transactions contradicted the assumptions used
• We considered sustainability factors and related costs that may affect
value, noting that energy performance rating (EPC) is the key metric used
by management and valuers. We reviewed the EPC data provided to CBRE
and reviewed this for completeness. For a sample, we verified the data to
EPC certificates. With our valuation experts, we assessed and challenged
CBRE’s judgements regarding rental values and climate-related costs
• We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures of estimates and valuation
assumptions in Note 16, including sensitivity analysis
We performed full scope audit procedures over this risk area for the whole
Group, which covered 100 per cent of the risk amount.

--- Page 110 ---
110 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
Cyber incident
Risk Our response to the risk Key observations communicated to the Audit and Assurance Committee
TfL systems were subject to a cyber breach on 1 September 2024. Given the We performed the following procedures to assess whether the financial Based on our knowledge and understanding of the cyber incident, we
complex nature of the IT infrastructure, and the reliance on a number of these statements may be materially misstated due to the impact of the completed incremental audit procedures, including involvement of our EY
systems for financial reporting purposes, there is a risk that a breach in these cyber incident: Technology Risk team, and have not identified any matters which would give
systems could lead to a material misstatement within the financial statements. rise to further accounting risks or errors. This includes our assessment of any
• We assessed the impact of the incident on TfL’s compliance with laws
potential liabilities arising as a result of the incident, as well as the operations
We have also considered whether the incident itself would lead to additional and regulations, including review of correspondence with the Information
of the control environment both during and post the cyber incident.
liabilities and costs for the organisation. Commissioners Office
We have reviewed the processes and operations of controls during this
• We evaluated management’s assessment of the financial impact of the
period and determined that suitable mitigations have been put in place by
incident, including any potential compensation and refund events
TfL following the incident.
• We inquired about legal or reputational consequences arising from the
incident and how these have been mitigated
• We performed a revenue trend analysis to identify any unusual trends or
adjustments
• We evaluated manual adjustments made around the period of the cyber
incident, following limitations of access to the relevant systems
• We tested a sample of payments processed during the incident window,
for appropriate authorisation and underlying evidence
We also performed the following procedures to consider any weaknesses
in respect of the control environment, and our overall controls
reliance approach:
• We identified the system breached and evaluated third-party assurance
reports and the outcomes of management investigations
• We understood alternative procedures performed by Management during
the incident period and confirmed that appropriate correcting entries have
been processed
• We performed additional walkthrough procedures to understand
access restrictions and changes in systems operations during and after
the incident
• We involved our IT specialists to assess the conclusions of the service
auditor, following the qualification of their opinion as a result of the
incident. We also performed sample testing to confirm the accuracy
of fare apportionment and settlement, taking into account the service
auditor’s conclusions

--- Page 111 ---
111 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
In the prior year, our auditor’s report above and we therefore determined Audit work was undertaken at Transport for Other information
included a key audit matter in relation to that the Group’s expenditure in these London Corporation and Transport Trading The other information comprises the
Going Concern. In the current year, we do areas is an appropriate measure for Limited for the purpose of responding to information included in the annual report,
not deem Going Concern to constitute planning materiality. the assessed risks of material misstatement other than the financial statements and
a Key Audit Matter on the basis of the of the Group’s financial statements. The our auditor’s report thereon. The directors
decreasing level of uncertainty following We determined materiality for the performance materiality set for each are responsible for the other information
the pandemic and the notified capital Transport for London Corporation to be component is based on the relative scale contained within the annual report.
funding settlement. £176m (2024: £165.6m), which is 0.5 per and risk of the component to the Group
cent (2024:0.5 per cent) of total assets. As as a whole and our assessment of the Our opinion on the financial statements
Our application of materiality this results in a higher materiality for the risk of misstatement at that component. does not cover the other information and,
We apply the concept of materiality Corporation than the Group, we reduced In the current year, we set performance except to the extent otherwise explicitly
in planning and performing the audit, materiality for the Corporation to the lower materiality for the Transport for London stated in this report, we do not express any
in evaluating the effect of identified level of £119m. Corporation at £29.7m (2024: £39.5m) form of assurance conclusion thereon.
misstatements on the audit and in forming and Transport Trading Limited at £53.5m
our audit opinion. Performance materiality (2024: £55.9m). Our responsibility is to read the other
The application of materiality at the information and, in doing so, consider
Materiality individual account or balance level. Reporting threshold whether the other information is materially
The magnitude of an omission or It is set at an amount to reduce to an An amount below which identified inconsistent with the financial statements
misstatement that, individually or in appropriately low level the probability misstatements are considered as being or our knowledge obtained in the course
the aggregate, could reasonably be that the aggregate of uncorrected clearly trivial. of the audit or otherwise appears to be
expected to influence the economic and undetected misstatements materially misstated. If we identify such
decisions of the users of the financial exceeds materiality. We agreed with the Audit and Assurance material inconsistencies or apparent
statements. Materiality provides a basis Committee that we would report to material misstatements, we are required
for determining the nature and extent of On the basis of our risk assessments, them all uncorrected audit differences to determine whether this gives rise to
our audit procedures. together with our assessment of the in excess of £6m (2024: £6.6m), which is a material misstatement in the financial
Group’s overall control environment, five per cent of planning materiality, as statements themselves. If, based on the
We determined materiality for the our judgement was that performance well as differences below that threshold work we have performed, we conclude
Group to be £119m (2024: £131.5m), which materiality was 50 per cent (2024: 50 that, in our view, warranted reporting on that there is a material misstatement of
is one per cent (2024: one per cent) of per cent) of our planning materiality, qualitative grounds. the other information, we are required to
operational and capital expenditure. The namely £60m (2024: £65.8m). We have set report that fact.
Group’s key responsibilities are to provide performance materiality at this percentage We evaluate any uncorrected
transportation services across London based on our consideration of the control misstatements against both the We have nothing to report in this regard.
and to continue to develop the capital’s environment, given the extent and quantitative measures of materiality
transport infrastructure. Both of these nature of audit findings identified in the discussed above and in light of other
elements are of significant interest to the prior period. relevant qualitative considerations in
users of the financial statements identified forming our opinion.

--- Page 112 ---
112 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
Opinion on other matters prescribed by • we are not satisfied that the Group Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit However, the primary responsibility for the
the National Audit Office’s Code of Audit and the Corporation has made proper of the financial statements prevention and detection of fraud rests
Practice 2024 arrangements for securing economy, Our objectives are to obtain reasonable with both those charged with governance
In our opinion the parts of the efficiency and effectiveness in its assurance about whether the financial of the group and management.
Remuneration Report identified as subject use of resources for the year ended statements as a whole are free from
to audit have been properly prepared in 31 March 2025. material misstatement, whether due to • We obtained an understanding of the
accordance with the CIPFA/LASAAC Code fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s legal and regulatory frameworks that are
of Practice on Local Authority Accounting We have nothing to report in report that includes our opinion. applicable to the group and determined
in the United Kingdom 2024/25. these respects. Reasonable assurance is a high level that the most significant are the Local
of assurance but is not a guarantee Government Act 2003, the Local
Matters on which we report by exception Responsibilities of the Statutory that an audit conducted in accordance Government Finance Act 2012, the Local
We report to you if: Chief Finance Officer with ISAs (UK) will always detect a Audit and Accountability Act 2014 (as
As explained more fully in the Statement material misstatement when it exists. amended) and the Accounts and Audit
• in our opinion the annual governance of Responsibilities for the Accounts set out Misstatements can arise from fraud or error Regulation 2015
statement is misleading or inconsistent on page 103, the Statutory Chief Financial and are considered material if, individually
with other information forthcoming from Officer is responsible for the preparation or in the aggregate, they could reasonably • We understood how the group is
the audit or our knowledge of the Group of the financial statements and for being be expected to influence the economic complying with those frameworks by
and the Corporation satisfied that they give a true and fair decisions of users taken on the basis of making enquiries with management
view, and for such internal control as these financial statements. and those responsible for legal and
• we issue a report in the public interest they determine is necessary to enable the compliance procedures. We understood
under section 24 of the Local Audit and preparation of financial statements that are Explanation as to what extent the audit the oversight of those charged with
Accountability Act 2014 (as amended) free from material misstatement, whether was considered capable of detecting governance, the culture of honesty and
due to fraud or error. irregularities, including fraud ethical behaviour and whether a strong
• we make written recommendations to Irregularities, including fraud, are emphasis is placed on fraud prevention,
the audited body under Section 24 of the In preparing the financial statements, instances of non-compliance with laws which may reduce opportunities for
Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 the Statutory Chief Financial Officer is and regulations. We design procedures fraud to take place, and fraud deterrence,
(as amended) responsible for assessing the group and in line with our responsibilities, outlined which could persuade individuals not to
Corporation’s ability to continue as a going above, to detect irregularities, including commit fraud because of the likelihood
• we make an application to the court for concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters fraud. The risk of not detecting a material of detection and punishment. We
a declaration that an item of account is related to going concern and using the misstatement due to fraud is higher than corroborated our enquiries through
contrary to law under Section 28 of the going concern basis of accounting unless the risk of not detecting one resulting our reading of board minutes and
Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 the directors either intend to liquidate from error, as fraud may involve deliberate papers provided to the Audit and
(as amended) the group or the Corporation or to cease concealment by, for example, forgery Assurance Committee
operations, or have no realistic alternative or intentional misrepresentations,
• we issue an advisory notice under Section but to do so. or through collusion. The extent to
29 of the Local Audit and Accountability which our procedures are capable of
Act 2014 (as amended) The Corporation is responsible for putting detecting irregularities, including fraud is
in place proper arrangements to secure detailed below.
• we make an application for judicial review economy, efficiency and effectiveness
under Section 31 of the Local Audit and in its use of resources, to ensure proper
Accountability Act 2014 (as amended) stewardship and governance, and to review
regularly the adequacy and effectiveness of
these arrangements.

--- Page 113 ---
113 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Transport for London
(continued)
• We assessed the susceptibility of the • To address our fraud risk of inappropriate • The audit opinion is consistent with We are not required to consider, nor have
group’s financial statements to material capitalisation of revenue expenditure the additional report to the Audit and we considered, whether all aspects of the
misstatement, including how fraud might we have completed the procedures set Assurance Committee Authority’s arrangements for securing
occur by meeting with management out in the key audit matter above on economy, efficiency and effectiveness in its
within various parts of the business to capital projects Scope of the review of arrangements use of resources are operating effectively.
understand where they considered there for securing economy, efficiency and
was susceptibility to fraud. Where the • To address our fraud risk of misstatement effectiveness in the use of resources Delay in certification of completion of
risk was considered higher, we performed due to fraud or error, we tested specific We have undertaken our review in the audit
audit procedures to address each journal entries identified by applying accordance with the Code of Audit Practice We cannot formally conclude the audit
identified fraud risk. These procedures risk criteria to the entire population 2024, having regard to the guidance on and issue an audit certificate until we
included testing manual journals and of journals. For each journal selected, the specified reporting criteria issued by have completed the work necessary to
were designed to provide reasonable we tested specific transactions back the Comptroller and Auditor General in issue our assurance certificate in respect
assurance that the financial statements to source documentation to confirm November 2024, as to whether Transport of the Whole of Government Accounts
are free from fraud or error that the journals were authorised and for London had proper arrangements consolidation pack and the NAO, as
accounted for appropriately. For details for financial sustainability, governance group auditor, has confirmed that no
• Based on this understanding we designed refer to the key audit matter section and improving economy, efficiency and further assurances will be required from
our audit procedures to identify above in relation to the cyber incident. effectiveness. The Comptroller and us as component auditors of Transport
non-compliance with such laws and Auditor General determined these criteria for London.
regulations. Our procedures involved A further description of our as those necessary for us to consider
reading of board minutes to identify responsibilities for the audit of the under the Code of Audit Practice in Use of our report
any non-compliance with laws and financial statements is located on the satisfying ourselves whether Transport for This report is made solely to the members
regulations, a review of the reporting to Financial Reporting Council’s website at London put in place proper arrangements of Transport for London, as a body, in
the Audit and Assurance Committee on www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. for securing economy, efficiency and accordance with Part 5 of the Local Audit
compliance with regulations, enquiries This description forms part of our effectiveness in its use of resources for the and Accountability Act 2014 (as amended)
of the Head of Counter-Fraud and auditor’s report. year ended 31 March 2025. and for no other purpose, as set out
Corruption, enquiries of legal, enquiries in paragraph 85 of the Statement of
with chief information security officer Other matters we are required to address We planned our work in accordance with Responsibilities of Auditors and Audited
in relation to the cyber incident and We were appointed by Public Sector Audit the Code of Audit Practice. Based on our Bodies published by Public Sector Audit
enquiries of management Appointments on 6 December 2022 to audit risk assessment, we undertook such work Appointments Limited. To the fullest extent
the financial statements for the year ending as we considered necessary to form a view permitted by law, we do not accept or
• To address our fraud risk around the 31 March 2024 and subsequent financial on whether Transport for London had put assume responsibility to anyone other than
manipulation of reported financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted in place proper arrangements to secure the Group and the Group’s members as a
performance through improper engagement including previous renewals economy, efficiency and effectiveness in its body, for our audit work, for this report, or
recognition of revenue, we have and reappointments is 10 years, covering use of resources. for the opinions we have formed.
completed the procedures set out in the years ending 31 March 2016 to
the key audit matter above on revenue 31 March 2025. We are required under Section 20(1)(c) of Janet Dawson
recognition relating to the allocation of the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 For and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP,
fares received based on time periods, • The non-audit services prohibited by the (as amended) to satisfy ourselves that the Statutory Auditor London
services provided by other parties FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided Authority has made proper arrangements 25 September 2025
and refunds to the group or the Corporation and we for securing economy, efficiency and
remain independent of the group and the effectiveness in its use of resources.
Corporation in conducting the audit

--- Page 114 ---
114 Group Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Group Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement
Gross Gross Gross Gross
service Gross Net income/ service Gross Net income/ service Gross Net income/ service Gross Net income/
income expenditure (expenditure) income expenditure (expenditure) income expenditure (expenditure) income expenditure (expenditure)
2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 2024 2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m £m £m £m £m Year ended 31 March Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Operating segment Group (deficit)/surplus
after tax (2.0) 393.0
London Underground 2,678.0 (2,727.0) (49.0) 2,528.0 (2,740.0) (212.0)
Other comprehensive
Elizabeth line 669.0 (581.0) 88.0 610.0 (532.0) 78.0 income and expenditure
Buses, streets and Items that will not be
other operations 2,750.0 (3,825.0) (1,075.0) 2,705.0 (3,643.0) (938.0) subsequently reclassified to
profit or loss
Rail 429.0 (614.0) (185.0) 421.0 (565.0) (144.0)
Surplus/(deficit) on the
Places for London 105.0 (80.0) 25.0 94.0 (65.0) 29.0
revaluation of property, plant
and equipment* 13 16.0 (11.4)
Other group items 290.0 (158.0) 132.0 489.0 (301.0) 188.0
Net remeasurement
2 6,921.0 (7,985.0) (1,064.0) 6,847.0 (7,846.0) (999.0)
gain on defined benefit
Central items not reported on pension schemes* 35 1,216.0 602.4
a segmental basis 2 46.5 (1,440.2) (1,393.7) (132.7) (1,237.7) (1,370.4)
1,232.0 591.0
Net cost of services 2 6,967.5 (9,425.2) (2,457.7) 6,714.3 (9,083.7) (2,369.4)
Items that may be
Other net operating income/ subsequently reclassified to
(expenditure) 7 38.3 (97.3) profit or loss
Financing and Movement in fair
investment income 8 162.7 86.2 value of derivative
financial instruments* 37 8.7 (44.0)
Financing and
investment expenditure 9 (501.5) (623.4) Derivative fair value loss
reclassified to income
Grant income 10 2,731.1 3,504.6 and expenditure* 37 1.1 1.1
(Deficit)/surplus on the Discontinued
provision of services (27.1) 500.7 hedging relationship 37 29.1 -
Group share of profit before 38.9 (42.9)
tax of joint ventures 18 0.3 0.1
1,270.9 548.1
Group share of loss before tax
of associated undertakings 19 (7.6) (58.3) Total comprehensive income
and expenditure 1,268.9 941.1
Group (deficit)/surplus
before tax (34.4) 442.5
Taxation 11 32.4 (49.5)
Group (deficit)/surplus
after tax (2.0) 393.0
* There is no tax effect of these items on other comprehensive income
and expenditure in the years ended 31 March 2025 or 2024 (see Note 11)
* There is no tax effect of these items on other comprehensive income
and expenditure in the years ended 31 March 2025 or 2024 (see Note 11)
* There is no tax effect of these items on other comprehensive income * There is no tax effect of these items on other comprehensive income
and expenditure in the years ended 31 March 2025 or 2024 (see Note 11) and expenditure in the years ended 31 March 2025 or 2024 (see Note 11)

--- Page 115 ---
115 Group Balance Sheet Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Group Balance Sheet
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 31 March 2025 31 March 2024
Note £m £m Note £m £m
Long-term assets Long-term liabilities
Intangible assets 12 286.7 271.9 Creditors 26 (276.2) (310.8)
Property, plant and equipment 13 45,733.7 45,261.2 Capital grants received in advance 26 (3.7) (3.2)
Right-of-use assets 14 2,043.5 1,970.4 Borrowings 27 (11,364.7) (12,071.6)
Investment property 16 1,603.6 1,615.1 Right-of-use lease liabilities 14 (2,146.2) (2,029.2)
Investment in joint ventures 18 138.6 78.8 PFI liabilities 28 (45.8) (61.2)
Investment in associated undertakings 19 113.6 114.3 Other financing liabilities 29 (110.7) (94.7)
Other investments 24 1.4 1.2 Derivative financial instruments 32 (13.9) (48.6)
Derivative financial instruments 32 2.7 28.6 Deferred tax liabilities 11 (390.0) (422.4)
Finance lease receivables 20 19.5 18.2 Provisions 30 (41.1) (55.1)
Retirement benefit surplus 35 3,669.1 2,352.7 Retirement benefit obligation 35 (74.6) (83.9)
Debtors 22 36.4 28.9 (14,466.9) (15,180.7)
53,648.8 51,741.3 Net assets 36,566.2 35,298.3
Current assets Reserves
Inventories 21 122.3 101.4 Usable reserves 513.1 455.1
Debtors 22 586.4 608.2 Unusable reserves 37 36,053.1 34,843.2
Assets held for sale 23 52.8 - Total reserves 36,566.2 35,298.3
Derivative financial instruments 32 1.4 0.7
Finance lease receivables 20 2.9 7.1
The Notes on pages 137 to 230 form part of
Short-term investments 24 854.8 5.8
these financial statements. These financial
Cash and cash equivalents 25 631.1 1,488.3
statements were approved by the Audit and
2,251.7 2,211.5 Assurance Committee acting on behalf of
the Board on 17 September 2025 and signed
Current liabilities
on its behalf by:
Creditors 26 (1,872.6) (2,022.1)
Capital grants received in advance 26 (47.0) (34.6)
Borrowings 27 (2,354.3) (864.0)
Right-of-use lease liabilities 14 (273.1) (275.4)
PFI liabilities 28 (15.4) (15.5)
Other financing liabilities 29 (36.8) (20.5) Mark Phillips
Chair, Audit and Assurance Committee
Derivative financial instruments 32 (23.7) (10.8)
24 September 2025
Provisions 30 (244.5) (230.9)
(4,867.4) (3,473.8)

--- Page 116 ---
116 Group Movement in Reserves Statement Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Group Movement in Reserves Statement
Capital grants Corporation Total Share of Group
General Street Works unapplied Usable unusable Corporation unusable Total
Fund Reserve account reserves reserves reserves reserves reserves
Group Movement in Reserves Statement Note £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 April 2023 189.7 27.2 102.2 319.1 18,702.3 19,021.4 15,335.3 34,356.7
Movement in reserves during 2023/24
Group surplus after tax 2,153.1 - - 2,153.1 13.2 2,166.3 (1,773.3) 393.0
Other comprehensive income and expenditure - - - - 600.2 600.2 (52.1) 548.1
Total comprehensive income and expenditure 2,153.1 - - 2,153.1 613.4 2,766.5 (1,825.4) 941.1
Adjustments between group and authority accounts (1,767.1) - - (1,767.1) - (1,767.1) 1,767.1 -
Net increase/(decrease) before transfers 386.0 - - 386.0 613.4 999.4 (58.3) 941.1
Derivative fair value loss reclassified to the Balance Sheet 37 - - - - - - 0.5 0.5
Adjustments between accounting basis and funding basis under statutory provisions 38 (324.6) 4.8 69.8 (250.0) 250.0 - - -
Increase/(decrease) in 2023/24 61.4 4.8 69.8 136.0 863.4 999.4 (57.8) 941.6
Balance at 31 March 2024 251.1 32.0 172.0 455.1 19,565.7 20,020.8 15,277.5 35,298.3
Movement in reserves during 2024/25
Group deficit after tax 1,649.2 - - 1,649.2 - 1,649.2 (1,651.2) (2.0)
Other comprehensive income and expenditure - - - - 1,213.7 1,213.7 57.2 1,270.9
Total comprehensive income and expenditure 1,649.2 - - 1,649.2 1,213.7 2,862.9 (1,594.0) 1,268.9
Adjustments between group and authority accounts (1,378.8) - - (1,378.8) - (1,378.8) 1,378.8 -
Net increase before transfers 270.4 - - 270.4 1,213.7 1,484.1 (215.2) 1,268.9
Derivative fair value loss reclassified to the Balance Sheet 37 - - - - - - 1.0 1.0
Adjustments between accounting basis and funding basis under statutory provisions 38 (209.0) 4.3 (7.7) (212.4) 212.4 - (2.0) (2.0)
Increase/(decrease) in 2024/25 61.4 4.3 (7.7) 58.0 1,426.1 1,484.1 (216.2) 1,267.9
Balance at 31 March 2025 312.5 36.3 164.3 513.1 20,991.8 21,504.9 15,061.3 36,566.2
Earmarked reserves as of 31 March 2025 is Adjustments between group and
£nil (2023/24 £nil). authority accounts represent intra-group
transactions between the Corporation
Capital receipts received in the Corporation and subsidiaries. This includes capital and
are fully applied during the year and a revenue grants and interest income. The
Capital Receipts Reserve has not been balance is adjusted against the Group
shown in this statement. Refer to Note 39. deficit after tax.

--- Page 117 ---
117 Group Statement of Cash Flows Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Group Statement of Cash Flows Corporation Comprehensive Income
and Expenditure Statement
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m Year ended 31 March Note £m £m
(Deficit)/surplus on the provision of services (27.1) 500.7 Highways and Transport Services
Adjustments to the deficit/surplus on the provision of services Gross service income 1 1,255.1 1,176.0
for non-cash movements 36 b 1,499.5 2,245.8
Gross expenditure 4 (1,785.8) (1,734.1)
Adjustments to the deficit/surplus on the provision of services for
investing or financing activities 36 c (1,141.5) (1,880.3) Net cost of services (530.7) (558.1)
Net cash flows from operating activities 330.9 866.2 Other net operating income/(expenditure) 7 45.4 (109.0)
Investing activities 36 d (1,547.8) (471.2) Financing and investment income 8 530.0 565.4
Financing activities 36 e 359.7 (294.2) Financing and investment expenditure 9 (406.8) (420.3)
(Decrease)/increase in net cash and cash equivalents in the year (857.2) 100.8 Grant income 10 2,699.8 3,468.5
Net cash and cash equivalents at the start of the year 1,488.3 1,387.5 Grant funding of subsidiaries (2,067.3) (2,547.3)
Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 25 631.1 1,488.3 Surplus on the provision of services 270.4 399.2
Other comprehensive income and expenditure
Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
Net remeasurement gain on defined benefit pension schemes 35 1,213.6 600.2
Total comprehensive income and expenditure 1,484.0 999.4

--- Page 118 ---
118 Corporation Balance Sheet Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Corporation Balance Sheet
31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March
2025 2024 2025 2024
Corporation Balance Sheet Note £m £m Corporation Balance Sheet Note £m £m
Long-term assets Long-term liabilities
Intangible assets 12 224.6 190.8 Creditors 26 (52.2) (163.4)
Property, plant and equipment 13 4,552.8 4,519.6 Borrowings 27 (11,367.9) (12,075.6)
Right-of-use assets 14 292.2 319.4 Right-of-use lease liabilities 14 (298.5) (324.1)
Investment property 16 58.3 117.8 PFI liabilities 28 (45.8) (61.2)
Investments in subsidiaries 18 13,062.5 13,062.5 Provisions 30 (25.1) (34.3)
Other investments 24 0.4 0.2 Retirement benefit obligation 35 (74.6) (83.9)
Finance lease receivables 13.0 13.0 (11,864.1) (12,742.5)
Retirement benefit surplus 35 3,663.4 2,349.3 Net assets 21,504.9 20,020.9
Debtors 22 12,867.5 12,220.2 Reserves
34,734.7 32,792.8 Usable reserves 513.1 455.1
Current assets Unusable reserves 37 20,991.8 19,565.8
Debtors 22 354.5 422.4 Total reserves 21,504.9 20,020.9
Finance lease receivables 0.2 0.2
Short-term investments 24 854.3 -
The Notes on pages 137 to 230 form part of
Cash and cash equivalents 25 453.5 1,294.2
these financial statements. These financial
1,662.5 1,716.8
statements were approved by the Audit
Current liabilities and Assurance Committee on behalf of the
Board on 17 September 2025 and signed on
Creditors 26 (511.4) (715.0)
its behalf by:
Capital grants received in advance 26 (11.0) (18.8)
Borrowings 27 (2,354.3) (864.0)
Right-of-use lease liabilities 14 (25.6) (25.6)
PFI liabilities 28 (15.4) (15.5)
Provisions 30 (110.5) (107.3)
Mark Phillips
(3,028.2) (1,746.2) Chair, Audit and Assurance Committee
24 September 2025

--- Page 119 ---
119 Corporation Movement in Reserves Statement Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Corporation Movement in Reserves Statement
Street Works Capital grants
General Fund Reserve unapplied account Usable reserves Unusable reserves Total reserves
Corporation Movement in Reserves Statement Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 April 2023 189.7 27.2 102.2 319.1 18,702.4 19,021.5
Movement in reserves during 2023/24
Surplus on the provision of services 386.0 - - 386.0 13.2 399.2
Other comprehensive income and expenditure - - - - 600.2 600.2
Total comprehensive income and expenditure 386.0 - - 386.0 613.4 999.4
Adjustments between accounting basis and funding basis under statutory provisions 38 (324.6) 4.8 69.8 (250.0) 250.0 -
Increase in 2023/24 61.4 4.8 69.8 136.0 863.4 999.4
Balance at 31 March 2024 251.1 32.0 172.0 455.1 19,565.8 20,020.9
Movement in reserves during 2024/25
Surplus on the provision of services 270.4 - - 270.4 - 270.4
Other comprehensive income and expenditure - - - - 1,213.6 1,213.6
Total comprehensive income and expenditure 270.4 - - 270.4 1,213.6 1,484.0
Adjustments between accounting basis and funding basis under statutory provisions 38 (209.0) 4.3 (7.7) (212.4) 212.4 -
Increase/(decrease) in 2024/25 61.4 4.3 (7.7) 58.0 1,426.0 1,484.0
Balance at 31 March 2025 312.5 36.3 164.3 513.1 20,991.8 21,504.9
Earmarked reserves as of 31 March 2025 is £nil (2023/24 £nil).
Capital receipts received in the Corporation are fully applied during
the year and a Capital Receipts Reserve has not been shown in this
statement. Refer to Note 39.

--- Page 120 ---
120 Corporation Statement of Cash Flows Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Corporation Statement of Cash Flows
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m
Surplus on the provision of services 270.4 399.2
Adjustments to surplus on the provision of services
for non-cash movements 36b 21.6 209.8
Adjustments to surplus on the provision of services for investing
or financing activities 36c (1,119.5) (1,851.2)
Net cash flows from operating activities (827.5) (1,242.2)
Investing activities 36d (644.9) 1,423.1
Financing activities 36e 631.7 (18.0)
(Decrease)/increase in net cash and cash equivalents in the year (840.7) 162.9
Net cash and cash equivalents at the start of the year 1,294.2 1,131.3
Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 25 453.5 1,294.2
We use reserves and other funding for major projects

--- Page 121 ---
121 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
a) Code of practice guidance in IAS 17 on leases. However, as IAS 36 Impairment of Assets TfL has a number of leases over property
TfL is required to prepare an annual a significant proportion of the Group’s The Code requires that impairments be and other transport infrastructure under
Statement of Accounts under Section activities are conducted through subsidiary accounted for in accordance with IAS which it pays £nil or peppercorn rents.
3 of the Local Audit and Accountability companies, which were obliged, under 36 Impairment of Assets, except where The majority of these leases were held
Act 2014, and by the Accounts and Audit Adopted IFRS, to apply IFRS 16 from 1 April interpretations or adaptations to fit the at peppercorn rents by a previous lessee
Regulations 2015 (the 2015 Regulations). The 2019, CIPFA included a provision in the Code public sector are detailed. Consequently, prior to the leases being taken on by TfL.
2015 Regulations require the Statement of that permits TfL to adopt IFRS 16 from these financial statements have been An exercise was undertaken to assess
Accounts to be prepared in accordance with the same date. The Group has therefore prepared in accordance with the guidance the fair value of the assets leased under
proper accounting practices. The Statement adopted IFRS 16 in its financial statements contained in IPSAS 21 Impairment of Non- these arrangements and it was concluded
of Accounts have therefore been prepared from 1 April 2019. Cash-Generating Assets and IPSAS 26 that they have no material value. No
in accordance with the Code of Practice on Impairment of Cash-Generating Assets. amounts have therefore been recorded in
Local Authority Accounting in the United The areas where the Code differs materially This guidance stipulates that where these financial statements in respect of
Kingdom 2024/25 (the Code), developed by from Adopted IFRS are listed below: an asset is not held primarily with the these leases.
the Chartered Institute of Public Finance intention of generating a commercial
and Accountancy (CIPFA) and the Local Capital grants and contributions return, that asset’s value in use should b) Basis of preparation
Authority (Scotland) Accounts Advisory Capital grants and contributions be regarded as the present value of its The accounts are made up to 31 March 2025.
Committee (LASAAC) Code Board under are recognised immediately in the remaining service potential, rather than the The Corporation is a single service authority
the oversight of the Financial Reporting Comprehensive Income and Expenditure present value of the future cash flows that and all expenditure is attributable to the
Advisory Board. The Code constitutes Statement once there is reasonable are expected to be derived from it. provision of highways, roads and transport
proper accounting practice for the purpose assurance that all conditions relating to services. The Corporation has granted a
of the 2015 Regulations. those grants have been met. Under Adopted Peppercorn rents standing delegation in its Standing Orders
IFRS capital grants and contributions The Code includes an adaptation to IFRS by which each wholly owned subsidiary
The Code for 2024/25 is based on UK- are recorded as deferred income and 16 Leases in respect of the accounting for (Subsidiary Entity) is delegated power to
adopted international accounting recognised in the Comprehensive Income peppercorn lease arrangements for lessees. discharge any functions of TfL relevant
standards (hereafter the ‘Adopted IFRS’) and Expenditure Statement over the useful Leases with payments at peppercorn or to that Subsidiary Entity’s role and
and interpretations of the International life of the assets funded by that grant. nominal consideration that are provided responsibilities within the Group, except
Financial Reporting Interpretations at substantially below market terms, and those functions reserved to the TfL Board.
Committee (‘IFRIC’), except where FRS 102 The Financial Reporting Standard: leases for nil consideration, are accounted Those subsidiaries therefore directly
these are inconsistent with specific Heritage assets for as follows: discharge TfL’s statutory functions and do
statutory requirements. It requires that The Code has adopted the requirements of so within the scope of the same statutory
local authorities prepare their financial FRS 102 in respect of its rules on accounting a. Any portion of the lease that is payable is arrangements that apply to TfL itself.
statements in accordance with the for heritage assets. The Group has taken the accounted for in the same way as other
International Accounting Standards Board exemption available under the Code to hold lease obligations under IFRS 16 Leases The accounting policies set out below
(IASB) ‘Conceptual Framework for Financial heritage assets at historical cost less any have been applied consistently across the
Reporting’ as interpreted by the Code. accumulated depreciation or impairment b. The difference between the present Group and to all periods presented in these
losses and has made additional disclosures value of any future lease payments due financial statements.
The mandatory implementation of IFRS on its heritage assets as required by the and the fair value of the lease on initial
16 Leases under the Code took effect on 1 standard. There is no equivalent standard recognition is recognised as a fair value
April 2024. IFRS 16 Leases (mandatory for for accounting for heritage assets under right-of-use asset on the Balance Sheet,
years beginning on or after 1 January 2019 Adopted IFRS. with a corresponding gain recognised in
under Adopted IFRS) replaces the previous grant income within the surplus or deficit
recognised on the provision of services.

--- Page 122 ---
122 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
The financial statements have been The Group incorporates its share of the d) Going concern The funding support received, alongside
prepared under the accruals concept and profits or losses and its share of the net The financial statements have been our strategy to rebuild our finances are
in accordance with the historical cost assets of associated undertakings and prepared on a going concern basis as sufficient to create a balanced budget
accounting convention, modified by the joint ventures using the equity accounting the Board remain confident that TfL for the going concern assessment period
revaluation of certain categories of non- method. Associate undertakings are those will continue in operational existence ending 31 March 2027.
current assets and financial instruments. where the Group is considered to have the from the date of signing these financial
power to significantly influence, but not statements for the period ending 31 Management has mitigations available
Where items are sufficiently significant control, the financial and operating policies March 2027 (i.e. the remainder of 2025/26 to support continuation of its capital
by virtue of their size or nature, they of the investee. Joint ventures are those and 2026/27 financial years), which is the programme over the going concern period,
are disclosed separately in the financial where the Group has an interest in the net going concern assessment period, and which include:
statements in order to aid the reader’s assets of an investee and has joint control will meet its liabilities as they fall due
understanding of the Corporation’s and over its financial and operating policies. for payment. In making this assessment, 1. Descoping and deferring planned capital
Group’s financial performance. the Board has had regard to CIPFA Code investment in its 2026 Business Plan,
The acquisition method of accounting paragraph 3.4.2.23, which sets out that due to be published in December 2025
c) Basis of consolidation has been adopted for acquisitions or a public sector entity is presumed to be including delaying those elements of
The Code requires local authorities disposals into the Group of subsidiary a going concern unless there is a clearly the programme that are not subject to
with, in aggregate, material interests in undertakings. Under this method, the expressed Parliamentary intention to contractual delivery commitments into
subsidiary and associated companies identifiable assets and liabilities of an discontinue the provision of services that future periods beyond 31 March 2027. This
and joint ventures, to prepare group acquired entity are recorded at their fair the entity provides. As the Group’s entities would require approval from the Board
financial statements. values at the date of acquisition. Costs of are instrumental to delivering the Group’s and assessment against contracts but is
acquisition are expensed in line with IFRS statutory duties, as their operations are within TfL’s control
The Group financial statements presented 3 (revised) Business Combinations. The not easily severable without legislative
with the Corporation’s financial statements results of subsidiary undertakings acquired change, they also fall under the statutory 2. Accelerating planned borrowing from
consolidate the individual financial or disposed of are included in the Group continuation assumption. beyond March 2027. This reduces available
statements of TfL and its subsidiary Comprehensive Income and Expenditure funding in future years, but could enable
undertakings. A subsidiary undertaking is an Statement from the date of acquisition A capital funding settlement titled TfL to continue to meet its contractual
undertaking controlled by the Corporation. until the date of disposal. ‘Spending Review Phase 1 Outcome FY25/26’ commitments as they fall due over the
Control is achieved when the Corporation: for 2025/26 was agreed with Government going concern period. TfL has headroom
has power over the investee; is exposed, The Corporation is required to make on 30 October 2024, which provided £485m against its Authorised External Debt
or has rights, to variable returns from its adjustments between the accounting of capital funding. Limits, which can be accessed at short
involvement with the investee; and has the basis and funding basis under statutory notice from a number of sources
ability to use its power to affect its returns. provisions. Further detail regarding these In June 2025, the Phase 2 Spending Review including the Public Works Loan Board
The Corporation reassesses whether or adjustments is included within Note 38 For outcome was received, which secures for capital expenditure purposes
not it controls an investee if facts and the alignment of accounting policies for £2,167m from 2026/27 to 2029/30 to fund
circumstances indicate that there are the purposes of Group accounts, the Group TfL’s capital programme. Government 3. Completing asset disposals, which
changes to one or more of these elements transfers amounts between the Retained continues to recognise the importance would take longer to deliver and offer
of control. Earnings Reserve in its subsidiaries and the of long-term funding certainty and the poor value. This would only be utilised
Group Capital Adjustment Account on the strategic benefits that transport in London in a severe downside case scenario. This
same basis as if those statutory provisions offers locally and nationally. would require approval from the Board
applied to its subsidiaries. Further details and assumes a buyer can be found
regarding this alignment is included within
Note 37.

--- Page 123 ---
123 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
On this basis, management has a f) Accounting standards that have been g) Discontinued operations Revenue received in advance is not
reasonable expectation that they will issued but have not yet been adopted A discontinued operation is a component recognised in the Comprehensive Income
have adequate resources to continue in The following standards and revisions will of the Group’s business that represents and Expenditure Statement and is recorded
operational existence throughout the be effective for future periods and have not a separate major line of business or on the Balance Sheet within current
going concern period ending 31 March 2027 been early adopted by the Group: geographical area of operations that has liabilities as contract liabilities. Contract
maintaining the provision of its services been disposed of or is held for sale, or is a liabilities represent receipts in advance for
without significant amendment or • Amendments to IAS 21 ‘Effects of subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view Travelcards, bus passes and Oyster cards.
reductions. For this reason, alongside the Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates’ on to resale. Classification as a discontinued
statutory guidance, we continue to adopt lack of exchangeability operation occurs upon disposal or when Revenue in respect of free and reduced
the going concern basis in preparing these the operation meets the criteria to be fare travel for older customers and
financial statements. • Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 on classified as held for sale, if earlier. When disabled customers
classification and measurement of an operation is classified as a discontinued Revenue from the London Borough
e) The application of new and financial instruments operation, the comparative Comprehensive Councils in respect of free travel for older
revised standards Income and Expenditure Statement is and disabled customers is recognised on a
The following standards, effective for the • IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public re-presented as if the operation had straight-line basis over the financial year to
Group for the financial period beginning Accountability: Disclosures allows been discontinued from the start of the which the settlement relates, as TfL has a
1 April 2024, were considered and were for certain eligible subsidiaries of comparative period. stand ready obligation to provide unlimited
concluded that they are either not parent entities that report under IFRS travel over the financial year to which the
relevant to the Group or that they do not Accounting standards to apply reduced h) Revenue recognition settlement relates.
have a significant impact on the Group’s disclosure requirements Revenue includes income generated
financial statements: from the provision of travel, other fees Congestion Charging
• IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in and charges, the letting of commercial The standard daily Congestion Charge,
• Amendments to IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ on lease Financial Statements which replaces IAS 1 advertising space and the rental of including those paying through auto-pay,
liability in a sale and leaseback Presentation of Financial Statements commercial properties. is recognised as income on the day the
eligible vehicle enters the Congestion
• Amendments to IAS 1 ‘Presentation of The Group has considered the impact Revenue is measured after the deduction Charge zone.
Financial Statements’ on the classification of the remaining above standards and of value added tax (where applicable).
of liabilities as current or non-current revisions and have concluded that they will Income from penalty charge notices is
not have a significant impact on the Group’s Fares revenue recognised at an amount adjusted for the
• Amendments to IAS 1 ‘Presentation of financial statements, except for IFRS 18 Revenue from annual or periodic tickets probability of cancellation, as payment
Financial Statements’ on non-current which the Group is currently working to and Travelcards is recognised in the becomes due. Each increase in charge
liabilities with covenants identify all impacts the amendments will Comprehensive Income and Expenditure results in income being recognised in full
have on the primary financial statements Statement on a straight-line basis over the at the date the increase is applied.
• Amendments to IAS 7 ‘Statement and notes to the financial statements. period of validity of the ticket or Travelcard
of Cash Flows’ and IFRS 7 ‘Financial as TfL has a stand ready obligation to Road network compliance
Instruments: Disclosures’ on supplier provide unlimited travel over the period Income from penalty charge notices for
finance arrangements of validity of the ticket or Travelcard. traffic and parking infringements on red
Oyster pay as you go revenue is recognised routes is recognised as it becomes due.
on usage and one-day Travelcards and Each increase in charge results in income
single tickets are recognised on the day being recognised in full at the date the
of purchase. increase is applied.

--- Page 124 ---
124 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
Taxi licensing The Group receives performance monitoring Third-party contributions to Annual memberships scheme revenue is
Income from taxi and private hire licences is credits when certain performance standards operating costs recognised on a straight-line basis over
recognised on a straight-line basis over the are not met. The performance monitoring Revenue from third-party contributions the membership period, as it represents
term of the licence. credits are recognised as revenue when to operating costs is earned on services an obligation to provide specific numbers
they are earned. performed by TfL in conjunction with other of memberships to clients during the
Commercial advertising organisations or Government in relation membership period.
TfL grants a concessionaire partner control Rental income to works such as dropping curbs, building
over certain advertising assets to facilitate Rental income from operating leases of roundabouts, installing traffic lights, Daily access fees are recognised upon
the generation of advertising income across properties, ATMs, car parks and other installing shelters, escalators or elevators in providing the customer with access to
its estate and receives income from this property interests classified as investment stations, installing bus shelters, etc. the bicycles.
arrangement. This is considered a lease property is recognised on a straight-line
arrangement for accounting purposes. basis over the term of the lease. Rent- Revenue from third-party contributions Museum income
free periods, incentives, or fixed annual is measured on the basis of progress Store sales
Where the arrangement is viewed as an increases in the lease payments are spread towards completion, calculated using the Revenue from store sales is recognised at
operating lease under IFRS 16, revenue is on a straight-line basis over the lease term. proportion of costs incurred to date in the point of sale to the customer.
recognised on a straight-line basis over the Any inflation linked annual increases in relation to the total costs to be incurred on
term of the contract. rentals are treated as contingent rents and the entire project. Venue hire revenue
are recognised as income when they occur. Revenue from venue hire is recognised on
Where the arrangement is viewed as a Rental income based on tenant turnover Revenue from telecoms the date when the space is provided to
finance lease (where the lease transfers is considered to be variable income and concessionaire arrangements the customer.
substantially all the risks and rewards of is therefore recognised as income in the Revenue from the concessionaire
ownership of the underlying asset to the period in which it is earned. arrangements relates to the exclusive Venue hire catering commission
third party), a lease receivable is recognised. right granted to the concessionaire to Venue hire catering commission is
Finance income is recognised over the For finance leases, where the lease access TfL’s broader asset base to install recognised upon completion of the event
term of the lease, based on a pattern transfers substantially all the risks and and maintain its new telecommunications based on the estimated consideration
reflecting a constant periodic rate of return rewards incidental to ownership of the assets. The Fixed Concession Fee is receivable from the customer.
on the lease receivable. Lease receipts are underlying asset to the customer, a lease recognised on a straight-line basis over the
allocated between reducing the principal receivable is recognised. Finance income period of the concessionaire term. Revenue Corporate membership scheme
balance and interest income. is recognised over the term of the lease, share fees are recognised as income when Corporate membership scheme revenue is
based on a pattern reflecting a constant they occur. recognised on a straight-line basis over the
TfL, through its concessionaire partner, also periodic rate of return on the lease period of membership, as it represents a
sells advertising space to customers and receivable. Lease receipts are allocated Cycle hire scheme revenues stand-ready obligation to provide unlimited
receives income from such arrangements between reducing the principal balance Sponsorship revenue is recognised on a entry during the period of membership.
under a revenue share agreement with its and interest. straight-line basis over the term of the
concessionaire. Revenue share income is contract as it represents an obligation Café concessionaire commission
dependent upon the revenue generated to provide branding promotion to the Revenue from café concessionaire
by the concessionaire and is therefore customer during the period of the contract. commission income is recognised over
contingent in nature. Such revenue is the term of the concessionaire contract
recognised in the period when it is earned. and measured based on the estimated
consideration receivable from the
concessionaire in each period.

--- Page 125 ---
125 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
Ticket and photocard commission income • Places for London – Investment in our In the accounts of the Corporation and l) Overheads
Revenue from ticket and photocard commercial and residential estate and Group, all non-specific grants are credited Overheads are recognised in the
commission income is recognised upfront building portfolio to the Comprehensive Income and Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
when the ticket or photocard is issued. Expenditure Statement upon receipt or Statement on an accruals basis.
Amounts included in TfL Group level when there is reasonable assurance that
i) Segmental reporting management reporting, but excluded from the grant will be received. If a capital grant m) Financing and investment income
In accordance with the Code, the Group’s divisional breakdowns are referred to as is received but certain conditions remain and expenses
operating segments have been determined ‘Group items’. before it may be applied, it will be held, in Financing and investment income
by identifying the segments whose the first instance, as capital grant received comprises interest income on funds
operating results are reviewed by the TfL’s management reports to the TfL Board in advance, within the payables section invested, interest received in relation to
Board, when making decisions regarding are presented using a basis of preparation of the Balance Sheet. Once any relevant finance leases, and premia received on the
the allocation of resources and for the that differs to the accounting requirements conditions have been met, the capital grant early settlement of borrowings. Interest
assessment of performance. of the CIPFA Code. A reconciliation is credited to the Comprehensive Income income is recognised in the Comprehensive
between the operating performance of the and Expenditure Statement. Income and Expenditure Statement as
The operating segments of the Group and Group as reported to the Board to amounts it accrues, using the effective interest
their principal activities are as follows: included in the Group Comprehensive Where expenditure on property, plant rate method.
Income and Expenditure Statement is set and equipment is financed either wholly
• Underground – Provision of passenger out in Note 2. or partly by capital or non-specific grants Financing and investment costs comprise
rail services on the London Underground or other contributions, the amount the interest expense on borrowings and
and refurbishment and maintenance of j) Exceptional items of the grant applied is credited to the lease liabilities and the net financing cost
certain parts of the rail network Exceptional costs are costs that are Capital Adjustment Account through on defined benefit pension obligations.
unusual, infrequent and which do not the Movements in Reserves Statement. Also included are premia paid on the early
• Elizabeth line – Delivery of passenger rail occur in the normal course of operations. Amounts not utilised in the year are settlement of borrowings and interest rate
services on the Elizabeth line An unusual event or transaction has credited to the Capital Grants Unapplied derivatives. Borrowing costs that are not
a high degree of abnormality and is Account, a usable reserve, for application in directly attributable to the acquisition,
• Buses – Provision of bus services clearly unrelated to (or only incidentally future periods. construction or production of a qualifying
related to) the ordinary activities of the asset are recognised in the Comprehensive
• Streets and other operations – organisation, taking into account the Amounts of non-specific grants not Income and Expenditure Statement using
maintenance of London’s roads and cycle operating environment. Infrequent refers used in the year are credited to the the effective interest rate method (see also
routes; and provision of other operations, to events and transactions that would not General Fund balance or to an Earmarked Accounting Policy y) Borrowing costs).
including Dial-a-Ride, London River reasonably be expected to recur in the Reserve for specific use in future periods,
Services, Taxi and Private Hire, Santander foreseeable future, taking into account the where appropriate. Also included within financing and
Cycles, Victoria Coach Station and the operating environment. investment income or expenditure are fair
IFS Cloud Cable Car Earmarked Reserve have been established value gains or losses recognised in relation
k) Grants and other funding to finance future projects and form to the revaluation of investment properties,
• Rail – Provision of passenger rail services The main source of grant funding during part of the overall funding available and any profits or losses recognised on
through contracted third-party operators 2024/25 and 2023/24 was the share of for the Investment Programme and disposal of investment properties.
on the DLR, London Overground and Business Rate Retention received from the revenue projects. Application of funds
London Trams GLA, which is classified as a resource grant. against specific projects is dependent
on the level and mix of other sources
of funding also available to fund TfL’s
Investment Programme.

--- Page 126 ---
126 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
n) VAT Income tax expense comprises current Deferred tax is measured at the tax q) Intangible assets
VAT payable is included as an expense only and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred rates that are expected to be applied Goodwill
to the extent that it is not recoverable tax are recognised in the Comprehensive to temporary differences when they Where the cost of a business combination
from Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs. Income and Expenditure Statement reverse, based on the laws that have been exceeds the fair values attributable to the
VAT receivable is excluded from income. except to the extent that they relate enacted or substantively enacted by the net assets acquired, the resulting goodwill
to a business combination, or to items reporting date. is capitalised and tested for impairment
o) Taxation recognised directly in equity or in other at each Balance Sheet date. Goodwill is
In July 2023 the Finance (No.2) Act 2023 comprehensive income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are allocated to income-generating units for
was enacted in the UK which implemented disclosed net to the extent that they relate the purpose of impairment testing.
the global minimum tax rules, commonly Current tax is the expected tax payable to taxes levied by the same authority and
referred to as Pillar Two. The rules or receivable on the taxable profit or loss the Group has the right of offset. Other intangible assets
implement a domestic top-up tax and a for the year, using tax rates enacted at the Software costs are measured at cost
multinational top-up tax in the UK which reporting date, and any adjustment to tax A deferred tax asset is recognised less accumulated depreciation and
became applicable to the Group with effect payable in respect of previous years. for unused tax losses, tax credits and accumulated impairment losses. As a result
from 1 April 2024. The rules will require deductible temporary differences, to the of practicability, and the typical minor
the Group to pay top-up taxes on any Deferred tax is recognised in respect extent that it is probable that future taxable proportion of intangible components,
‘excess profits’ in the UK in respect of any of temporary differences between the profits will be available against which they where assets under construction include
operations in territories where a minimum carrying amounts of assets and liabilities can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are programmes with both tangible and
effective tax rate of 15 per cent has not for financial reporting purposes and the reviewed at each reporting date and are intangible elements the programme
been met. Where overseas jurisdictions amounts used for taxation purposes. reduced to the extent that it is no longer is classified as tangible assets under
in which the Group operates have probable that the related tax benefit will construction until completion at which
implemented qualified domestic minimum Deferred tax is not recognised for the be realised. point management undertake an exercise to
top-up tax rules, any top-up tax due may be following temporary differences: the allocate expenses across each tangible and
payable in that jurisdiction in part or in full. initial recognition of assets or liabilities p) Business combinations intangible component.
in a transaction that is not a business On the acquisition of a business, fair values
The Group has assessed the impact of combination and that affects neither are attributed to the identifiable assets and Where components of an asset are
Pillar Two to estimate its exposure to accounting nor taxable profit or loss; and liabilities and contingent liabilities unless significant in value in relation to the total
top-up taxes arising from 1 April 2024 and differences relating to investments in the fair value cannot be measured reliably value of the asset as a whole, and they have
the impact is expected to be negligible. subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities in which case the value is subsumed into substantially different economic lives, they
The Group will continue to closely to the extent that it is probable that they goodwill. Where fair values of acquired are recognised separately.
monitor further developments in respect will not reverse in the foreseeable future. contingent liabilities cannot be measured
of Pillar Two to assess the impact on In addition, deferred tax is not recognised reliably, the assumed contingent liability Amortisation is charged to the
financial performance. for taxable temporary differences arising on is not recognised but is disclosed in the Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
the initial recognition of goodwill. same manner as other contingent liabilities. Statement on a straight-line basis over the
The Group has applied the exception Contingent assets acquired as part of a estimated useful lives of intangible assets,
to IAS 12 in respect of recognising and business combination are not recognised. from the date that they are available for
disclosing information relating to deferred use, unless such lives are indefinite.
tax assets and liabilities arising in respect of Goodwill is the difference between the fair
Pillar Two, as provided in the amendments value of the consideration payable and the The useful lives and amortisation methods
to IAS 12 issued in May 2023. fair value of net assets acquired. for software costs are as follows:
Software costs Straight-line Up to 10 years

--- Page 127 ---
127 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
r) Property, plant and equipment cause its market value to differ from that Where major components of an item Depreciation is recognised in the
Recognition and measurement needed to replace the remaining service of property, plant and equipment have Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
Infrastructure consists of roads, tunnels, potential at the measurement date. In different useful lives, they are accounted Statement on a straight-line basis over the
viaducts, bridges, stations, track, signalling, determining the existing use value, the for as separate items of property, plant estimated useful lives of each part of an
bus stations and stands; properties capitalisation of net income method and and equipment. When components are item of property, plant and equipment,
attached to infrastructure which are the discounting of future cash flows to replaced, the costs of the overhaul are since this most closely reflects the
not separable from infrastructure; and their present value has been used. This is capitalised as additions and the carrying expected pattern of consumption of the
properties attached to infrastructure that based upon various assumptions including amounts of the replaced components are future economic benefits embodied in
are used to facilitate the service provision the anticipated future rental income, written off to profit or loss. the asset.
but are limited in use by operational maintenance costs and the appropriate
constraints. Some of these properties discount rate, making reference to market Where there are similar assets with Leased assets are depreciated over the
generate revenues which are considered to evidence of transaction prices for similar identical useful lives e.g. cabling, these shorter of the lease term and their useful
be incidental to the Group’s activities. properties. A deduction is made to reflect assets are accounted for as pooled lives. Land is not depreciated.
purchaser’s acquisition costs. items of property, plant and equipment
Infrastructure, plant and equipment and and are depreciated over their useful The estimated useful lives for the current
rolling stock are measured at cost less Valuations are performed annually. lives. When pooled items are fully and comparative periods are as follows:
accumulated depreciation and accumulated Movements in the value of the property depreciated the gross acquisition value and
impairment losses. Assets under are taken to the Revaluation Reserve, with accumulated depreciation are derecognised. Tunnels and embankments up to 120 years
construction are measured at cost less any the exception of permanent diminutions in Bridges and viaducts up to 120 years
recognised impairment loss. As a result value which are recognised in profit or loss. Gains and losses on disposal of an item Track up to 120 years
of practicability, and the typical minor of property, plant and equipment are Stations up to 120 years
proportion of intangible components, Cost includes expenditure that is directly determined by comparing the proceeds Other property up to 120 years
where assets under construction include attributable to the acquisition of the from disposal along with the costs of Plant and equipment up to 75 years
programmes with both tangible and asset. The cost of self-constructed assets disposal with the carrying amount of the Rolling stock up to 50 years
intangible elements the programme includes the cost of materials and direct item and are recognised net within other Road foundations up to 50 years
is classified as tangible assets under labour, borrowing costs on qualifying gains and losses in the Comprehensive Road pavement up to 40 years
construction until completion at which assets, and any other costs directly Income and Expenditure Statement. Signalling up to 40 years
point management undertake an exercise to attributable to bringing the assets to a Lifts and escalators up to 40 years
allocate expenses across each tangible and working condition for their intended use. Depreciation Computer equipment up to 15 years
intangible component. Where there is a legal obligation to remove Depreciation is calculated on the
the asset and/or restore the site on which it depreciable amount, which is the cost of Depreciation methods, useful lives
Owner-occupied office buildings are is located at the end of its useful economic an asset, or other amount substituted for and residual values are reviewed at
valued at existing use value by external, life, the costs of dismantling and removing cost, less the expected residual value at the each financial year end and adjusted if
professionally qualified surveyors the items and restoring the site on which end of its useful economic life. appropriate, the effect of such adjustment
in accordance with RICS Guidelines. they are located are also included in the being prospectively recognised as a change
Existing use value is the estimated cost of the asset. Proceeds generated from of estimate.
amount for which a property should an asset prior to its intended use are not
exchange on the valuation date between deducted from the cost of the asset and
a willing buyer and a willing seller in an area instead charged to the Comprehensive
arm’s length transaction disregarding Income and Expenditure Statement
potential alternative uses and any other as generated.
characteristics of the asset that would

--- Page 128 ---
128 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
s) Heritage assets property changes such that it is reclassified v) Investment in associated undertakings recovered principally through sale rather
Property, plant and equipment includes as property, plant and equipment, its An associate is an entity over which than continuing use, they are available for
a number of assets classified as heritage fair value at the date of reclassification the Group has significant influence, but immediate sale and sale is highly probable.
assets in accordance with the Code. becomes its cost for subsequent not control. The results and assets and
Heritage assets are those assets that are accounting. Investment properties held at liabilities of associates are incorporated On initial classification as held for sale,
intended to be preserved in trust for future fair value are not subject to depreciation. in these consolidated accounts using the long-term assets or disposal groups are
generations because of their cultural, equity method of accounting from the measured at the lower of their previous
environmental or historical associations. See Note 16 – Investment Property for the date on which the investee becomes an carrying amount and fair value less costs
These provisions apply to the collection of valuation methods and inputs. associate. Under the equity method, the to sell. No amortisation or depreciation
transport-related artefacts held at London investment is initially recognised on the is charged on long-term assets (including
Transport Museum. Due to the diverse Revaluation and disposal gains and Balance Sheet at cost and is thereafter those in disposal groups) classified as held
nature of the assets held and the lack of losses are not permitted by statutory adjusted to recognise the Group’s share of for sale.
comparable market values, the cost of arrangements to have an impact on the the profit or loss and other comprehensive
obtaining a valuation of TfL’s heritage assets General Fund balance. Any such gains income of the associate. y) Borrowing costs
is such that it would not be commensurate and losses recognised are therefore Borrowing costs directly attributable to the
with the benefits provided to users of the reversed out of the General Fund w) Inventories acquisition, construction or production of
financial statements. TfL has therefore balance in the Movement in Reserves Inventories consist primarily of fuel, qualifying assets (those necessarily taking a
taken the exemption available under the Statement and transferred to the Capital uniforms and materials required for the substantial period of time to get ready for
Code to hold its heritage assets at historical Adjustment Account. operation of services and maintenance of their intended use) are added to the cost of
cost less any accumulated depreciation or infrastructure. Equipment and materials those assets, until such time as the assets
impairment losses. u) Investment in joint ventures held for use in a capital programme are are ready for their intended use.
A joint venture is a type of joint accounted for as inventory until they are
t) Investment property arrangement wherein the parties that have issued to the project, at which stage they All other finance and borrowing costs are
Investment property is property held solely joint control of the arrangement have rights become part of assets under construction. recognised in the Comprehensive Income
either to earn rental income or for capital to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint and Expenditure Statement in the period in
appreciation or for both, but not for sale control is the contractually agreed sharing Inventories are carried at lower of cost which they are incurred.
in the ordinary course of business, use in of control of an arrangement, which exists and net realisable value. Cost comprises
the supply of services or for administrative only when decisions about the relevant direct materials, direct labour costs and z) Provisions
purposes. Property interests that represent activities require the unanimous consent of those overheads that have been incurred Provisions are recognised on the
a reversionary interest in property, ground the parties sharing control. in bringing the inventories to their present Balance Sheet when a present legal or
rent assets or an interest in property of location and condition. Cost is calculated constructive obligation exists for a future
a similar substance, are also classified as The Group’s investments in joint ventures using the weighted average method. liability in respect of a past event and
investment property. are accounted for using the equity method. where the amount of the obligation
Under the equity method, the investment x) Assets held for sale can be estimated reliably. Provisions are
Investment property is measured initially is initially recognised on the Balance Long-term assets (and disposal groups measured at management’s best estimate
at cost, including transaction costs, and Sheet at cost and is thereafter adjusted to comprising a group of assets and of the expenditure required to settle the
subsequently measured at fair value with recognise the Group’s share of the profit or potentially some liabilities that an obligation at the Balance Sheet date and
any change therein recognised in profit loss and other comprehensive income of entity intends to dispose of in a single are discounted to present value where the
or loss within financing and investment the joint venture. transaction) are classified as held for effect is material.
income or expenditure. When the use of a sale if; their carrying amount will be

--- Page 129 ---
129 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
aa) Foreign currencies The lease liabilities arising from a lease are The Group is exposed to potential future The right-of-use assets are generally
Transactions in currencies other than initially measured on a present value basis increases in variable lease payments based depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
sterling are recognised at the rates of comprising the following lease payments: on an index or rate, which are not included shorter of the asset’s useful life and the
exchange prevailing at the date of the in the lease liability until they take effect. lease term. If it is reasonably certain that
transaction. At the end of each reporting • Fixed payments (including in-substance When adjustments to lease payments the Group will exercise a purchase option,
period, monetary items denominated fixed payments) less any lease based on an index or rate takes effect, then then the right-of-use asset is depreciated
in foreign currencies are retranslated at incentives receivable the lease liability is re-measured using over the underlying asset’s useful life.
the rates prevailing at that date. Non- the changed cash flows and unchanged
monetary items carried at fair value that • Variable lease payments that are based discount rate. Further, a corresponding Payments associated with short-term
are denominated in foreign currencies are on an index or a rate, initially measured adjustment is also made to the right-of- leases and with low-value assets are
retranslated at the rates prevailing at the using the index or rate as at the use asset. When the change in the lease recognised on a straight-line basis as an
date when the fair value was determined. commencement date payments results from a change in floating expense in the Comprehensive Income
Non-monetary items that are measured interest rates, the Group uses a revised and Expenditure Statement. Short-term
in terms of historical cost in a foreign • Amounts expected to be payable by the discount rate that reflects changes in leases are leases with a lease term of
currency are not retranslated. Group under residual value guarantees interest rates. 12 months or less. Low-value assets
comprise IT equipment and small items of
Exchange differences on monetary items • The exercise price of a purchase option Lease payments are allocated between office furniture.
are recognised in profit or loss in the period if the Group is reasonably certain to the repayment of principal and a finance
in which they arise except for exchange exercise that option cost. The finance cost is charged to the IFRS 16 permits the use of a practical
differences on transactions entered into Comprehensive Income and Expenditure expedient that permits lessees to make
in order to hedge certain foreign currency • Payments of penalties for terminating the Statement over the lease period so as to an accounting policy election, by class
risks (see Accounting Policy ah) below for lease, if the lease term reflects the Group produce a constant periodic rate of interest of underlying asset, to account for each
hedging accounting policies). exercising that option on the remaining balance of the liability for separate lease component of a contract
each period. and any associated non-lease components
ab) Leases (the Group as lessee) • Lease payments to be made under as a single lease component. Contracts for
At inception of an arrangement, the reasonably certain extension options The right-of-use assets are measured at bus services contain both lease and non-
Group determines whether such an cost comprising the following: lease components. The Group allocates
arrangement is or contains a lease. A The lease payments are discounted using the consideration in the contract to the
specific asset is the subject of a lease if the TfL Group’s incremental borrowing rate, • The amount of initial measurement of lease and non-lease components based
fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent being the rate the Group would have to pay lease liability on their relative stand-alone prices. TfL’s
on the use of that specified asset. An to borrow the funds necessary to obtain accounting policy is to apply this expedient
arrangement conveys the right to use the an asset of similar value to the right-of-use • Any lease payments made at or before to other equipment as a class of underlying
asset if the arrangement conveys to the asset in a similar economic environment the commencement date, less any lease asset. If the non-lease components over
Group the right to control the use of the with similar terms, security and conditions. incentives received the contract duration total less than five
underlying asset. per cent of the total contract value or
For the current year, TfL’s incremental • Any initial direct costs £500,000, whichever is lower, then the non-
borrowing rate for each tenor consists lease and lease components are treated as
of Public Works Loan Board as this is the • Restoration costs a single lease.
current source of borrowing.

--- Page 130 ---
130 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
Peppercorn leases straight-line basis over the lease term. The annual unitary payment is separated An annual finance cost is calculated
Leases with payments at peppercorn or Any inflation linked annual increases into the following component parts, by applying the implicit interest rate
nominal consideration that are provided in rentals are treated as contingent using appropriate estimation techniques in the lease to the opening lease
at substantially below market terms, and rents and are recognised as income where necessary: liability for the year and is charged to
leases for nil consideration, are accounted when they occur. Rental income based financing and investment expenditure
for as follows: on turnover is considered variable and a. The service charge within the Comprehensive Income and
therefore is recognised in the period in Expenditure Statement.
• Any portion of the lease that is payable is which it is earned. The respective leased b. Repayment of the capital
accounted for in the same way as other assets are included in the Balance Sheet The element of the unitary payment that
lease obligations under IFRS 16 Leases within investment properties. Any lease c. The interest element (using the interest is allocated as a finance lease rental is
modifications are treated as new leases rate implicit in the contract) applied to meet the annual finance cost
• The difference between the present from the date of modification. and to repay the lease liability over the
value of any future lease payments due Services received contract term.
and the fair value of the lease on initial Lease income from finance leases is The fair value of services received
recognition is recognised as a fair value recognised over the lease term at an in the year is recorded under the Life cycle replacement
right-of-use asset on the Balance Sheet, amount that produces a constant periodic relevant expenditure headings within Components of the asset replaced by the
with a corresponding gain recognised in rate of return on the remaining balance of ‘gross expenditure’. operator during the contract (lifecycle
grant income within the surplus or deficit the net investment in the lease. The net replacement) are capitalised where they
recognised on the provision of services investment in the lease is the sum of lease Assets meet the Group’s criteria for capital
payments receivable during the lease term Assets are recognised as property, plant and expenditure. They are capitalised at the
The Group has a number of leases over discounted at the interest rate implicit in equipment or intangible assets when they time they are provided by the operator and
property and other transport infrastructure the lease. come into use. The assets are measured are measured initially at their fair value.
under which it pays £nil or peppercorn initially at fair value in accordance with
rents. It has undertaken an exercise to ad) Private Finance Initiative (PFI) IPSAS 32 Service Concession Arrangements ae) Impairment of non-financial assets
assess the fair value of the assets leased transactions and similar contracts – Grantor (IPSAS 32). Goodwill recognised separately as an
under these arrangements and has The Code requires the Group to account intangible asset is tested for impairment
concluded that they have no material value. for infrastructure PFI schemes where it Where the operator enhances assets annually and whenever there is indication
No amounts have therefore been recorded controls the use of the infrastructure and already recognised in the Balance Sheet that the goodwill may be impaired. Other
in the financial statements in respect of the residual interest in the infrastructure the fair value of the enhancement in the intangible assets, property, plant and
these leases. at the end of the arrangement. TfL carrying value of the asset is recognised as equipment and investments in subsidiaries,
therefore recognises such PFI assets as an asset. joint ventures and associates are tested for
ac) Leases (the Group as lessor) items of property, plant and equipment impairment whenever there is any objective
Lease income from operating leases is together with a liability to pay for them. Liabilities evidence or indication that these assets
recognised as income on a straight-line The fair values of services received A PFI liability is recognised at the same time may be impaired. If any such indication
basis over the lease term. Rent free periods, under the contract are recorded as as the assets are recognised. It is measured exists, the recoverable amount of the
incentives, or fixed annual increases operating expenses. initially at the same amount as the fair asset is estimated in order to determine
in the lease payments are spread on a value of the PFI assets and is subsequently the extent of any impairment loss. In
measured as a finance lease liability in assessing whether impairment indicators
accordance with IFRS 16. exist Management have considered
climate change risks and the impact of any
commitments under the Group’s Climate
Change Adaptation plan.

--- Page 131 ---
131 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
Impairment occurs when an asset’s carrying purposes on an IAS 19 basis as at the Multi-employer exemption Defined contribution plans
value exceeds its recoverable amount. An Balance Sheet date. Pension scheme assets For certain defined benefit schemes, the Some employees are members of
asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of are measured using current market bid Corporation and/or the Group is unable to defined contribution plans. A defined
its value in use and its fair value less costs values. Pension scheme defined benefit identify its share of the underlying assets contribution plan is a post-employment
to sell. obligations are measured using a projected and defined benefit obligations of the benefit plan under which an entity pays
unit credit method and discounted at the scheme on a consistent and reasonable fixed contributions into a separate entity
Where an impairment loss is reversed current rate of return on a high-quality basis. As permitted by the multi-employer and will have no legal or constructive
subsequently, the reversal is credited to corporate bond of equivalent term and exemption in the Code, these schemes obligation to pay further amounts.
the Impairment line of the Comprehensive currency to the defined benefit obligation. are accounted for as defined contribution Obligations for contributions to defined
Income and Expenditure Statement, up to schemes. Contributions are therefore contribution pension plans are recognised
the amount of the original loss, adjusted The difference between the value of charged to the Comprehensive Income and as an employee benefit expense in the
for depreciation that would have been the pension scheme assets and pension Expenditure Statement as incurred. Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
charged if the loss had not been recognised. scheme liabilities is a surplus or a deficit. Statement in the periods during which
A pension scheme surplus is recognised Group schemes under common control services are rendered by employees.
In accordance with the Code, when an to the extent that it is recoverable and a The Corporation and certain of its
asset is not held primarily for the purpose pension scheme deficit is recognised in subsidiaries are members of a Group Other employee benefits
of generating cash flows but for service full. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial defined benefit plan wherein risks are Other short- and long-term employee
provision, value in use is the present value gains and losses and the return on plan shared between the entities under benefits, including holiday pay and long
of the asset’s remaining service potential, assets (excluding interest), is reflected common control. There is no contractual service leave, are recognised as an expense
which can be assumed to be at least immediately in the Balance Sheet with arrangement in place to apportion the net over the period in which they accrue.
equal to the cost of replacing that service a charge or credit recognised in other defined benefit cost across the member
potential. This is the case for the majority comprehensive income in the period in entities. Accordingly, in line with the ag) Reserves
of the Group’s assets. which it occurs. Remeasurement recognised provisions of IAS 19, the total net defined Reserves consist of two elements, usable
in other comprehensive income will not be benefit obligation is recognised in the and unusable.
af) Employee benefits reclassified to profit or loss. Past service individual financial statements of the Usable reserves are those that can be
Defined benefit pension plans cost is recognised in profit or loss in the sponsoring employer, the Corporation. applied to fund expenditure. They are
The majority of the Group’s employees are period of a plan amendment. Net interest made up of the General Fund, Earmarked
members of the Group’s defined benefit is calculated by applying the discount rate Unfunded pension schemes Reserves, the Capital Grants Unapplied
plans, which provide benefits based on final at the beginning of the period to the net Ex-gratia payments are made to certain Account and the Street Works Reserve.
pensionable pay. The assets of schemes are defined benefit obligation or asset. Defined employees on retirement in respect of Amounts in the Street Works Reserve
held separately from those of the Group. benefit costs are categorised between; service prior to the establishment of represent the net income/expenditure
(a) service cost (including current service pension funds for those employees. generated from lane rental revenues.
On retirement, members of the schemes cost, past service cost, as well as gains and Supplementary payments are made to the These net revenues may only be employed
are paid their pensions from a fund which losses on curtailments and settlements), pensions of certain employees who retired in funding the reduction of disruption
is kept separate from the Group. The Group (b) net interest expense or income, and prior to the index linking of pensions. and other adverse effects caused by
makes cash contributions to the funds in (c) remeasurement. The Group presents The Group also augments the pensions street works.
advance of members’ retirement. the first two components in profit or of certain employees who retire early
loss within the surplus on the provision under voluntary severance arrangements.
Every three years the Group’s schemes are of services before tax. Curtailment gains In addition, certain employees also
subject to a full actuarial funding valuation and losses are accounted for as past accrue benefits under an unfunded
using the projected unit method. Separate service costs. pension arrangement. These unfunded
valuations are prepared for accounting pension liabilities are provided for in the
Balance Sheet.

--- Page 132 ---
132 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
Unusable reserves cannot be applied ah) Financial instruments The subsequent measurement of financial After initial recognition, interest is taken
to fund expenditure as they are not Financial instruments within the scope of instruments depends on whether they are to the Comprehensive Income and
cash backed. They include the Capital IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) are financial assets or financial liabilities and Expenditure Statement using the effective
Adjustment Account, Pension Reserve, the classified as: whether specified criteria are met. interest rate method and the assets are
Hedging Reserve, the Financial Instruments measured at fair value with gains or losses
Revaluation Reserve, the Financial • Financial assets measured at Financial assets are measured at amortised being recognised in Other Comprehensive
Instruments Adjustment Account, the amortised cost cost if: Income and Expenditure (and taken to
Retained Earnings Reserve in subsidiaries, the Financial Instruments Revaluation
Merger Reserve, Accumulated Absences • Financial assets measured at fair value • It is the objective of the Group to hold Reserve), except for impairment gains
Reserve, Deferred capital receipts and the through other Comprehensive Income the asset in order to collect contractual or losses, until the investment is
Fixed Asset Revaluation Reserve. and Expenditure (FVTOCI) cash flows, and derecognised, or reclassified at which
time the cumulative fair value gain or
Management has determined that the • Financial assets measured at fair value • The contractual terms give rise to cash loss previously reported in reserves is
Retained Earnings Reserve in subsidiaries through the Comprehensive Income and flows, which are solely repayments of a included in the Comprehensive Income
are unusable unless the subsidiary Expenditure Statement (FVTPL) principal value and interest thereon and Expenditure Statement. For equity
declares a dividend to the Corporation, instruments, unlike debt instruments,
and they are able to fund these via their • Financial liabilities measured at After initial recognition, these assets there is no transfer of accumulated
own cash reserves. The majority of amortised cost are carried at amortised cost using the amounts in Other Comprehensive Income
assets held in subsidiaries are related to effective interest rate method if the time to the Comprehensive Income and
transport infrastructure and are not readily • Financial liabilities at fair value through value of money is significant. Gains and Expenditure Statement.
convertible to cash. the Comprehensive Income and losses are recognised in the Comprehensive
Expenditure Statement (FVTPL) Income and Expenditure Statement Financial assets are measured at FVTPL
The Group’s investment property assets are when the asset is derecognised or a loss if they are:
held within a separate property investment The Group determines the classification allowance applied, as well as through the
vehicle for the purpose of creating an of its financial instruments at initial amortisation process. • Derivatives
estate of commercial, income-producing recognition. Financial assets may be
assets and development opportunities. reclassified only when the Group changes Financial assets are measured at FVTOCI if: • Not held as amortised cost or at FVTOCI
They are not available to fund the its business model for managing financial
expenditure of the Corporation. assets, at which point all affected financial • Assets are non-derivative and held within • Financial assets that were elected to be
assets would be reclassified. Financial a business model whose objective is to designated as measured at FVTPL
liabilities are not reclassified subsequent to realise their value through either the
initial recognition. collection of contractual cash flows or After initial recognition, assets are carried
selling of the financial assets, and in the Balance Sheet at fair value with gains
When financial instruments are recognised or losses recognised in the Comprehensive
initially, they are measured at fair value, • The contractual terms of the financial Income and Expenditure Statement.
being the transaction price plus any directly asset give rise to periodic cash flows that
attributable transaction costs. The exception are the payment of principal and interest Financial liabilities are measured at
to this is for assets and liabilities measured amortised cost if they are non-derivative
at fair value through the Comprehensive with limited exceptions.
Income and Expenditure Statement, where
transaction costs are immediately expensed.

--- Page 133 ---
133 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
After initial recognition, non-derivative Long-term investments with an Financial derivative instruments Hedge accounting
financial liabilities are subsequently outstanding maturity, at the date of The Group uses financial derivative In order to qualify for hedge accounting,
measured at amortised cost using the acquisition, of greater than a year, are instruments to manage certain exposures at inception of the transaction the Group
effective interest rate method. classified as long-term investments. Long- to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange formally designates and documents the
term investments are classified as fair value rates and interest rates. The Group does hedging relationship, which includes the
Financial liabilities are measured at FVTPL through profit and loss. not hold or issue derivative instruments Group’s risk management strategy and
if they are: for speculative purposes. The use of objective for undertaking the hedge,
Trade and other receivables derivatives is governed by the Group’s identification of the hedging instrument,
• Derivatives Trade and other receivables are recognised Treasury Management policies, approved by the hedged item, the ratio between the
initially at fair value and subsequently the Board. amount of hedged item and the amount of
• Other liabilities held for trading classified as financial assets at hedging instrument, the nature of the risk
amortised cost. Derivative assets and derivative liabilities being hedged and how the Group assesses
• Financial liabilities that were elected to are classified as FVTPL. Such financial that the hedging instrument is highly
be designated as measured at FVTPL Finance lease receivables derivative instruments are initially effective, including analysis of potential
Finance lease receivables are recognised recognised at fair value on the date on sources of hedge ineffectiveness.
Loans to subsidiaries initially at fair value and subsequently which a derivative contract is entered
Loans to subsidiaries are non-derivative classified as financial assets at into and are subsequently remeasured At the inception of the hedge relationship
financial assets with fixed or determinable amortised cost. at fair value. The resulting gain or loss is and prospectively on an ongoing basis, the
payments that are not quoted on an recognised in profit or loss immediately Group assesses three criteria in determining
active market. Loans are classified as Trade and other creditors unless the derivative is designated in an the hedge is effective and qualifies for
amortised cost. Trade and other creditors are recognised effective as a hedge relationship, in which hedge accounting, namely:
initially at fair value and subsequently at event the timing of the recognition in
Cash and cash equivalents amortised cost using the effective interest profit or loss depends on the nature of the • An economic relationship exists such that
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash rate method. hedge relationship. the fair value or cash flows attributable
at banks and on hand and short-term to the hedged risk will be offset by the
highly liquid deposits with an original Interest bearing loans and borrowings The Group designates certain derivatives fair value of the hedged instrument
maturity of three months or less, that are All loans and borrowings are classified as either hedges of the fair value of
readily convertible to a known amount as financial liabilities measured at recognised assets or liabilities or firm • Credit risk does not dominate changes in
of cash and subject to an insignificant amortised cost. commitments (fair value hedges), hedges the value of the hedging instrument or
risk of changes in value. Cash and cash of highly probable forecast transactions or hedged item
equivalents are classified as financial assets Obligations under leases and hedges of the foreign currency risk of firm
at amortised cost. PFI arrangements commitments (cash flow hedges). • The hedge ratio used for hedge
All obligations under leases and PFI accounting purposes is the same as that
Other investments arrangements are classified as financial The fair value of derivatives are classified used for risk management purposes
Short-term investments with an liabilities measured at amortised cost. as a long-term asset or a long-term liability and is to be maintained as initially set
outstanding maturity, at the date of if the remaining maturity of the derivative throughout the hedge relationship
acquisition, of greater than three months Other financing liabilities contract is more than 12 months and as a
and less than or equal to a year, are Other financing liabilities are classified short-term asset or a short-term liability
classified as short-term investments on the as financial liabilities measured at if the remaining maturity of the derivative
basis that they are not readily convertible amortised cost. contract is less than 12 months.
to cash. Short-term investments
are classified as financial assets at
amortised cost.

--- Page 134 ---
134 Accounting Policies Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Policies
(continued)
Where derivatives or portions of hedges included in the initial measurement of In the absence of quoted market prices, No loss allowance for expected credit loss
do not qualify for hedge accounting, the cost of the related asset or liability. derivatives are valued by using quoted is recognised on a financial asset where
they are recorded at fair value through For transaction-related hedged items, this forward prices for the underlying the counterparty is central government
the Comprehensive Income and will occur once the hedged transaction commodity/currency and discounted using or a local authority and where relevant
Expenditure Statement and any change has taken place. For time-period related quoted interest rates (both as at the close statutory provisions prevent default.
in value is immediately recognised hedged items, the amount that is of business on the Balance Sheet date). Expected credit loss allowances are
in the Comprehensive Income and accumulated in reserves is amortised Hence, derivatives are within Level 2 of recognised in the Comprehensive Income
Expenditure Statement. on a systematic and rational basis as a the fair value hierarchy as defined within and Expenditure Statement.
reclassification adjustment. IFRS 13.
Cash flow hedges Embedded derivatives
Hedge relationships are classified as cash Hedge accounting is discontinued when Impairment of financial assets Derivatives that are embedded in
flow hedges when they hedge the Group’s the hedging instrument expires, is sold, At each reporting date, the Group assesses other financial instruments or other
exposure to variability in cash flows terminated, exercised or no longer qualifies whether the credit risk on a significant host contracts are treated as separate
attributable to a particular risk associated for hedge accounting. Any cumulative financial asset measured at amortised derivatives when:
with a recognised asset or liability or a highly gain or loss deferred in reserves at that cost or FVTOCI has increased significantly
probable forecast transaction and could time remains in reserves and is recognised since initial recognition and subsequently • The host contract is a financial liability
affect profit or loss. Derivative instruments when the forecast transaction is ultimately measures an expected credit loss allowance or an asset not within the scope of
qualifying as cash flow hedges are principally recognised in profit or loss. When a for that financial instrument. IFRS 9, and
interest rate swaps (where floating rate forecast transaction is no longer expected
interest is swapped to fixed) and foreign to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that The expected loss allowance is a • The derivative’s risks and characteristics
currency forward exchange contracts. was deferred in reserves is recognised measurement based on the probability of are not closely related to those of the
immediately in profit or loss. default over the lifetime of the contract host contract
The effective portion of changes in the fair for trade receivables, lease receivables
value of derivatives that are designated Fair value measurement of or contract assets in scope of IFRS 15. • A separate instrument with the same
and qualify as cash flow hedges is deferred financial instruments For other financial assets, the allowance terms as the embedded derivative would
in reserves. The gain or loss relating to The fair value of quoted investments is is based on the probability of default meet the definition of a derivative, and
the ineffective portion is recognised determined by reference to bid prices occurring in 12 months providing credit risk
immediately in profit or loss. at the close of business on the Balance is assessed as low. • The host contracts are not carried at
Sheet date, within Level 1 of the fair value fair value
Amounts deferred in reserves are recycled hierarchy as defined within IFRS 13. The expected credit loss is based on a
to profit or loss in the periods when forward-looking, probability-weighted In such cases, an embedded derivative
the hedged items (the hedged asset or Where there is no active market, fair value measure considering reasonable and is separated from its host contract and
liability) affect the Comprehensive Income is determined using valuation techniques. supportable information on past accounted for as a derivative carried on the
and Expenditure Statement. When the These include using recent arm’s length events, current conditions and the Balance Sheet at fair value from inception
hedged forecast transaction results in transactions; reference to the current time value of money. Where financial of the host contract.
the recognition of a non-financial asset market value of another instrument which assets are determined to have shared
or a non-financial liability, the gains and is substantially the same; and discounted risk characteristics they are assessed Unrealised changes in fair value are
losses previously accumulated in reserves cash flow analysis and pricing models. collectively, otherwise, they are reviewed recognised as gains/losses within the
are transferred from reserves and are on an individual basis. Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
Statement during the period in which
they arise.

--- Page 135 ---
135 Accounting Judgements and Estimates Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Judgements and Estimates
Uses of accounting judgments Defined benefit plans The mortality rate is based on publicly exercised in determining whether or not
and estimates The cost of the defined benefit pension available mortality tables. Those mortality substantially all the risks and rewards of
The preparation of financial statements in plan and other post-employment medical tables tend to change only at intervals in ownership of the leased asset are retained
conformity with the Code requires the use benefits and the present value of the response to demographic changes. Future by the Group or are transferred to the
of certain critical accounting estimates, pension obligation are determined using salary increases and pension increases are lessee. Particularly in respect of whether
which by definition, will seldom equal the actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation based on expected future inflation rates. the Group, as the lessor, is subject to a
actual results. Management additionally involves making various assumptions that variable income stream or market rates
exercise judgement in applying the Group’s may differ from actual developments in the Further details about pension obligations related to the performance of the asset in
accounting policies. future. These include the determination of are provided in Note 35. the lease. Given that assets leased under
the discount rate, future salary increases, a finance lease are derecognised from the
Outlined below is a summary of areas mortality rates and future pension Revaluation of investment property Balance Sheet, and assets leased out under
which involve a higher degree of judgement increases. Due to the complexities involved The Group carries its investment properties operating leases are not, this can have a
or complexity, and items which are more in the valuation and its long-term nature, at fair value (market value), as estimated by significant effect on the reported financial
likely to be materially adjusted due to a defined benefit obligation is highly external professionally qualified surveyors position of the Group.
estimates and assumptions changing. sensitive to changes in these assumptions. in accordance with Royal Institution of
Detailed information about the sensitivity All assumptions are reviewed at each Chartered Surveyors (RICS) guidelines. The Determining whether the Group has an
of such judgement is including within the reporting date. key assumptions used to determine the unconditional right to a refund of surplus
relevant note. fair value of the properties and sensitivity pension assets
The parameter most subject to change analyses are provided in Note 16. After consideration of the Trust Deed and
Use of Estimates is the discount rate. In determining the Rules, the Group has assessed that under
Taxes appropriate discount rate, management Use of Judgements IFRIC 14 TfL has an unconditional right to
Deferred tax assets are recognised for considers the interest rates of corporate Determining whether an arrangement a refund of surplus assets for accounting
unused tax losses only to the extent that bonds in currencies consistent with the contains a lease purposes assuming the gradual settlement
it is probable that taxable profit will be currencies of the post-employment In determining whether an arrangement of plan liabilities for the Crossrail Shared
available against which the losses can be benefit obligation with at least an ‘AA’ contains a lease, as required by IFRS 16 Cost Section of the Railways Pension
utilised. Management judgement is required rating or above, as set by an internationally Leases, there is a significant judgement Scheme (Crossrail Section) and the Public
to determine the amount of deferred tax acknowledged rating agency, and in determining whether the arrangement Sector Section of the TfL Pension Fund. As
assets that can be recognised, based upon extrapolated as needed along the yield conveys the right to control the use of a result, the net pensions surplus has been
the likely timing and the level of future curve to correspond with the expected an identified asset and in determining recognised in full.
taxable profits, together with future tax term of the defined benefit obligation. the lease term, particularly in respect
planning strategies. The underlying bonds are further reviewed of whether the Group is reasonably For the London Pension Fund Authority
for quality. certain to exercise extension options or Pension Fund (Local Government Pension
The Group has unrecognised tax losses renewal options. Fund) the recognition of a surplus has been
carried forward with a tax value of £276.4m Those having excessive credit spreads limited to the lower of the surplus in the
(2024 £342.1m). These losses relate to are excluded from the analysis of bonds Determining whether a lease is an defined benefit plan and the asset ceiling,
subsidiaries that have a history of losses, on which the discount rate is based, on operating lease or a finance lease as being the present value of any economic
do not expire, and may be used to offset the basis that they do not represent high the lessor benefit available to the Group in the form
future taxable income in those subsidiaries. quality corporate bonds. From the lessor’s perspective in assessing of reduction in future contributions to
If the Group was able to recognise all whether a lease is an operating lease or the plan.
unrecognised deferred tax assets, profit and a finance lease, judgement needs to be
equity would have increased by £279.6m
(2024 £345.2m).

--- Page 136 ---
136 Accounting Judgements and Estimates Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Accounting Judgements and Estimates
(continued)
Climate change Policies and market changes in response
In preparing the Group’s financial to climate change are continually
Estimate/judgement Explanation
statements, consideration has been given to developing and therefore the financial
the impact of both physical and transition Useful economic lives • In assessing assets for impairment, Management did not identify statements cannot capture all possible
climate change risks as described within any material assets for which there would be climate-related outcomes as these are not yet known.
obsolescence or indicators that an asset’s useful economic life
the Task Force on Climate Related Financial The degree of uncertainty of these
would be restricted
Disclosures (TCFD) section of the Narrative changes may also mean they cannot be
• In particular, in light of the Group’s commitment to a net-zero bus
Report, and how these impact the financial considered in the determination of asset
fleet by 2034, Management considered whether any right-of-use
statements. Management have considered and liability valuations and the timing of
assets had restricted useful lives. All lease terms were confirmed
the commitments made under the Group’s to expire prior to transition therefore no material impairments future cashflows.
Climate Change Adaptation plan and other were identified
external commitments and have concluded
Asset carrying values • In carrying out impairment assessments, Management considered
that there is no material impact to the
future committed cashflows in relation to climate in determining
Group’s financial statements. the asset’s value in use. There were no material climate-related
asset impairments identified
In assessing the Group’s judgements
Investment properties • The impact of sustainability and environmental factors is
and sources of estimation uncertainty,
considered as part of the valuation process to the extent possible
consideration has been given to the impact market participants would, and is taken into account when
of climate change risk on these. It is not measuring the fair value of the investment properties
considered that climate change risks
Going concern • Going concern analysis covers the period from the date of signing
have any material impacts on the Group’s
of these financial statements until the period ending 31 March 2027.
judgements or sources of estimation Climate events materially impacting the carrying value of reported
uncertainty for the following reasons: assets and liabilities are not expected to occur within this period
Post-retirement benefits • Each year Management obtain an IAS 19 valuation of the TfL Pension
Fund from actuaries at the XPS Pensions Group. It is not expected
that there are climate factors that would materially impact the
valuation of the Fund of the assumptions used therein

--- Page 137 ---
137 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
1. Gross service income
a) Group gross service income b) Corporation gross service income
2025 % of 2024 % of 2025 % of 2024 % of
Year ended 31 March £m total £m total Year ended 31 March £m total £m total
Passenger income 5,004.4 71.9 4,843.1 72.1 Congestion Charging 341.6 27.2 345.9 29.4
Revenue in respect of free travel for older Direct Vision Scheme income 15.1 1.2 14.4 1.2
and disabled customers 270.5 3.9 202.0 3.0
Ultra Low Emission Zone charges 581.4 46.3 534.5 45.5
Congestion Charging 341.6 5.0 345.9 5.2
Low Emission Zone charges 18.6 1.5 67.7 5.8
Direct Vision Scheme income 15.1 0.2 14.4 0.2
Charges to London Boroughs and Local Authorities 13.5 1.1 12.5 1.1
Ultra Low Emission Zone charges 581.4 8.4 534.5 8.0
Road Network compliance income 93.7 7.5 89.3 7.6
Low Emission Zone charges 18.6 0.3 67.7 1.0
Rents receivable - - 0.6 0.1
Charges to London Boroughs and Local Authorities 14.4 0.2 13.6 0.2
Contributions from third parties to operating costs 40.7 3.2 33.8 2.9
Charges to transport operators 80.1 1.1 77.8 1.2
Taxi licensing 38.0 3.0 37.7 3.2
Road Network compliance income 93.7 1.3 89.3 1.3
General fees and charges 4.0 0.3 4.3 0.3
Commercial advertising receipts 146.1 2.1 154.0 2.3
Training and specialist services 19.6 1.6 18.7 1.6
Rents receivable 92.3 1.3 83.1 1.2
Other 88.9 7.1 16.6 1.3
Contributions from third parties to operating costs 97.5 1.4 62.2 0.9
1,255.1 100 1,176.0 100.0
Taxi licensing 38.0 0.5 37.7 0.6
Ticket and photocard commission income 13.8 0.2 16.3 0.2
General fees and charges 35.5 0.5 55.1 0.8
ATM and car parking income 19.3 0.3 16.7 0.2
Museum income 15.9 0.2 15.3 0.2
Training and specialist services 22.4 0.3 29.3 0.4
Cycle hire scheme 10.0 0.1 10.2 0.2
Other 56.9 0.8 46.1 0.8
6,967.5 100.0 6,714.3 100.0

--- Page 138 ---
138 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
1. Gross service income
(continued)
c) Congestion Charging e) Direct Vision Standard and HGV Safety Permit Scheme
Group and Group and Group and Group and
Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m Year ended 31 March £m £m
Income 341.6 345.9 Income 15.1 14.4
Toll facilities and traffic management (128.0) (107.7) Toll facilities and traffic management (6.2) (6.7)
213.6 238.2 Net income recognised within net cost of services 8.9 7.7
Administration, support services and depreciation (4.1) (2.6)
Net income from Congestion Charging 209.5 235.6
f) Street works
Net income from the Congestion Charge (above), Low
Group and Group and
Emission Zone and Ultra Low Emission Zone (below)
Corporation Corporation
is spent on delivering the Mayor’s Transport Strategy. 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m
Income 11.7 12.8
Allowable operating costs of managing the lane rental scheme (2.8) (2.6)
d) Combined Emission Zone Charging
Application of Street Works Reserve to projects reducing the
adverse effects caused by street works (4.6) (5.4)
Group and Group and
Corporation Corporation Net income recognised within net cost of services 4.3 4.8
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m Net income for the year transferred to the Street Works Reserve 4.3 4.8
Income 600.0 602.2
Toll facilities and traffic management (439.7) (408.9)
Under the London lane rental scheme, introduced in 2012, TfL
160.3 193.3 receives payments where utilities carry out certain street works
in circumstances significantly affecting traffic. The legislation (SI
Administration, support services and depreciation (34.2) (23.3)
2012/425) requires TfL to apply the net proceeds of these payments to
Net income 126.1 170.0 reducing the adverse effects caused by street works. The net income
shown above has been transferred to the Street Works Reserve.
Emission zone charging comprises the Low Emission
Zone (LEZ) and Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ).

--- Page 139 ---
139 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. Segmental analysis
2a) Segmental analysis 2b) Reconciliation of the internal
The breakdown of performance reporting management reports income statement
by segment is presented in the Expenditure to the Group Comprehensive Income and
and Funding Analysis in Note 3. The Expenditure Statement
analysis only shows Group segmental The segmental information presented
information and no disclosures are included in the Expenditure and Funding Analysis
for the Corporation. This is because the reflects the presentation of the internal
Corporation’s results are not reported to management reports income statement,
the TfL Board on a segmental basis. published on TfL’s website in the form
of Quarterly Performance Reports.
No Balance Sheet information is reported The methodology for preparation and
internally by segment and there is the presentation of figures within the
accordingly no requirement under the internal management reports differs
Code to disclose segmental Balance Sheet in several respects from the Group
information in the Statement of Accounts. Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
Statement as presented in these financial
statements. To aid understanding of TfL
information as reported in Quarterly
Performance Reports, a reconciliation to
the Group Comprehensive Income and
Expenditure Statement is presented on the
following pages.
We have a wide range of income streams that we manage

--- Page 140 ---
140 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. Segmental analysis
(continued)
Reconciliation of internal management reports to the Group
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement (CI&E)
Items included Items included
Internal in the CI&E but in management Items with different Group Comprehensive
management reports excluded from reports but excluded Reclassifications accounting treatment Income and
Income Statement management reports from the CI&E between line items (see note 2c) Expenditure Statement
Year ended 31 March 2025 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Gross external income/(total operating income) 6,921.0 - - 59.4 (12.9) 6,967.5
Gross expenditure/(operating cost) (7,985.0) (1,975.3) 597.5 (59.4) (3.0) (9,425.2)
Net cost of services/(divisional net operating deficit
excluding grant income) (1,064.0) (1,975.3) 597.5 - (15.9) (2,457.7)
Other net operating income - 38.3 - - - 38.3
Grant income 2,463.0 - - - 268.1 2,731.1
Group share of profit before tax of joint ventures - 0.3 - - - 0.3
Group share of loss before tax of associated undertakings - (7.6) - - - (7.6)
(Capital renewals) (770.0) - 770.0 - - -
(Operating surplus before interest) 629.0 (1,944.3) 1,367.5 - 252.2 304.4
Financing and investment income - 90.5 - 72.2 - 162.7
Financing and investment expenditure - (3.5) - (500.2) 2.2 (501.5)
(Net interest costs) (428.0) - - 428.0 - -
Group deficit before tax/(operating surplus) 201.0 (1,857.3) 1,367.5 - 254.4 (34.4)
Taxation - 32.4 - - - 32.4
Group deficit after tax 201.0 (1,824.9) 1,367.5 - 254.4 (2.0)
Where line item descriptors differ between the internal
reports and the Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
Statement, those used in the internal reports are shown
within parentheses in the above table.

--- Page 141 ---
141 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. Segmental analysis
(continued)
Reconciliation of internal management reports to the Group
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement (CI&E) (continued)
Internal reports Items included in the Items included in the Items with different Group Comprehensive
as reported CI&E but excluded from internal reports but Reclassifications accounting treatment Income and
to management the internal reports excluded from the CI&E between line items (see note 2c) Expenditure Statement
Year ended 31 March 2024 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Gross external income/(total operating income) 6,847.0 - - (131.6) (1.1) 6,714.3
Gross expenditure/(operating cost) (7,846.0) (1,920.1) 726.6 (56.7) 12.5 (9,083.7)
Net cost of services/(divisional net operating deficit
excluding grant income) (999.0) (1,920.1) 726.6 (188.3) 11.4 (2,369.4)
Other net operating expenditure - (97.3) - - - (97.3)
Grant income 2,311.0 - - 188.3 1,005.3 3,504.6
Group share of profit before tax of joint ventures - 0.1 - - - 0.1
Group share of loss before tax of associated undertakings - (58.3) - - - (58.3)
(Capital renewals) (763.0) - 763.0 - - -
(Operating surplus before interest) 549.0 (2,075.6) 1,489.6 - 1,016.7 979.7
Financing and investment income - 16.2 - 70.0 - 86.2
Financing and investment expenditure - (151.5) - (481.0) 9.1 (623.4)
(Net interest costs) (411.0) - - 411.0 - -
Group surplus before tax/(Operating surplus) 138.0 (2,210.9) 1,489.6 - 1,025.8 442.5
Taxation - (49.5) - - - (49.5)
Group surplus after tax 138.0 (2,260.4) 1,489.6 - 1,025.8 393.0
Where line item descriptors differ between the internal
reports and the Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
Statement, those used in the internal reports are shown
within parentheses in the above table.

--- Page 142 ---
142 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. Segmental analysis
(continued)
2c) Detailed reconciliation of segmental • The internal management report’s • The internal management report’s • The results of joint ventures and
information reported in internal Income Statement excludes the net gain Income Statement includes a charge for associated undertakings are excluded
management reports to amounts included on disposal of investment properties and capital renewals expenditure which, in from the internal management report’s
in the Group (deficit)/surplus the change in fair value of investment the statutory financial statements, is Income Statement as the TfL Group
The segmental analysis is prepared using properties that are included within included within additions to property, does not hold a controlling interest in
internal management reporting accounting financing and investment income in the plant and equipment. Renewals these undertakings
methodologies. In some cases, these Comprehensive Income and Expenditure expenditure is included for management
methodologies are different from the Statement. Fair value movements are reporting purposes to present the • Other differences between the
accounting policies used in the financial excluded from management reporting as ongoing, full, day-to-day cost of running Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
statements. Where there are accounting these gains or losses are unrealised. The and maintaining our existing network Statement and the internal management
policy differences between management net proceeds from disposals, meanwhile, reports are collectively referred to as
reports and the statutory accounts, are included in the Capital Account • The internal management report’s Central items and are not included in
statutory accounting adjustments are not for management reporting purposes, Income Statement excludes the reports to management
recorded by segment in the underlying as these income streams may only be adjustment to financing expenditure
accounting records. It is not therefore employed by the Corporation to fund made in respect of borrowing costs
possible to produce a segmental breakdown capital expenditure and do not represent capitalised into qualifying assets (see
of the Group financial statements on a an ongoing revenue stream that can be Note 9). Instead this charge is left within
statutory basis of reporting. Differences employed to meeting the day-to-day net interest costs so that amounts
between the methodologies are explained operating costs of the network charged to the internal management
in the paragraphs and table below. report’s Income Statement reflect the
• Similarly, the internal management full cost to the Group of financing
• Depreciation, amortisation of intangibles report’s Income Statement excludes gains its debt
and impairment charges are not included and losses on the disposal of property,
in the segmental analysis plant and equipment and intangible • Certain grants received are treated as
assets recognised within other operating capital grant for management reporting
• The cost of retirement benefits is expenditure, and instead includes the purposes and are thus excluded from the
recognised within gross expenditure net proceeds from these disposals in the internal management report’s Income
in the internal management report’s Capital Account Statement (being instead included in the
Income Statement as a charge based on Capital Account). For statutory reporting
cash contributions paid during the year, • Internal management reporting includes purposes, however, all grant is recognised
rather than the pension service cost and a charge within operating expenditure for as income in the Comprehensive Income
net interest charge on defined benefit the costs of right-of-use leases, based and Expenditure Statement. Moreover,
pension obligations recognised in the on cash payments made in the period certain grants badged as ‘capital grant’ for
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure in relation to those leases. In the net management reporting purposes, under
Statement. This better reflects the cost of services in the Comprehensive law constitute resource grants, and may
actual charge made to the General Fund Income and Expenditure Statement, only be classified as capital grant where
in respect of pension costs which is this charge has been stripped out and they have been applied to fund capital
calculated based on actual contributions replaced with the amortisation charge expenditure during the year
paid as opposed to the charges flowing in respect of right-of-use assets within
through the Comprehensive Income and net cost of services and a financing
Expenditure Statement as calculated charge included within financing and
under IAS 19 investment expenditure

--- Page 143 ---
143 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
2. Segmental analysis
(continued)
Detailed reconciliation of net cost of operations per
management reports to net cost of services per the
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement
2025 2025 2024 2024 2025 2025 2024 2024
Note £m £m £m £m Note £m £m £m £m
Operating surplus per internal management reports 201.0 138.0 Less items included in the management reports
but excluded from the Comprehensive Income
Adjustments between management and Expenditure Statement
and statutory reports:
Cash payments under PFI and lease arrangements 441.3 392.0
Add amounts included in the Comprehensive
Income and Expenditure Statement not reported Pension payments charged to operating costs 156.2 334.6
in management reports
597.5 726.6
Depreciation 4 (1,246.6) (1,228.1)
Capital renewals 770.0 763.0
Amortisation of right-of-use assets 4 (325.8) (330.6)
1,367.5 1,489.6
Amortisation of software intangibles 4 (76.7) (70.0)
Amounts subject to differing accounting
Impairment 4 (1.3) 0.5 treatment between management reports and the
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement
Pension service costs including scheme expenses 35 (324.9) (291.9)
Specific grant income 268.1 1,005.3
(1,975.3) (1,920.1)
Central items (13.7) 20.5
Other net operating income/(expenditure) 7 38.3 (97.3)
254.4 1,025.8
Group share of profit before tax of joint ventures 18 0.3 0.1
Group (deficit)/surplus after tax per the
Group share of loss before tax of Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement (2.0) 393.0
associated undertakings 19 (7.6) (58.3)
Change in fair value of investment properties
included in financing and investment income 8 62.2 -
Net gain on disposal of investment properties 8 28.3 16.2
90.5 16.2
Net interest on defined benefit obligation 9 118.4 80.4
Interest payable on lease and PFI liabilities 9 (118.0) (121.4)
Contingent rentals on PFI liabilities 9 (15.7) (14.4)
Change in fair value of investment properties
included in financing and investment expenditure 9 - (107.9)
Amounts capitalised into qualifying assets 9 11.8 11.8
(3.5) (151.5)
Tax 11 32.4 (49.5)
(1,824.9) (2,260.4)

--- Page 144 ---
144 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
3. Expenditure and Funding Analysis
The Expenditure and Funding Analysis consumed or earned by authorities in segments. Income and expenditure
shows how annual expenditure is used and accordance with generally accepted accounted for under generally accepted
funded from resources (including grants accounting practices. It also shows how accounting practices is presented more
and business rates) by local authorities this expenditure is allocated for decision- fully in the Comprehensive Income and
in comparison with those resources making purposes between TfL’s operating Expenditure Statement.
For the year ended 31 March 2025 For the year ended 31 March 2024
Net expenditure
in the Net expenditure in
Comprehensive the Comprehensive
Net expenditure Income and Net expenditure Income and
chargeable to the Expenditure chargeable to the Expenditure
General Fund Statement General Fund Statement
£m Adjustments* £m £m Adjustments* £m
London Underground (49.0) - (49.0) (212.0) - (212.0)
Elizabeth line 88.0 - 88.0 78.0 78.0
Buses, streets and other operations (1,075.0) - (1,075.0) (938.0) - (938.0)
Rail (185.0) - (185.0) (144.0) - (144.0)
Places for London 25.0 - 25.0 29.0 - 29.0
Group items 132.0 - 132.0 188.0 - 188.0
Central items not reported on a segmental basis 672.2 2,065.9 (1,393.7) 546.8 1,917.2 (1,370.4)
Net cost of services (391.8) 2,065.9 (2,457.7) (452.2) 1,917.2 (2,369.4)
Other income and expenditure 453.2 (2,002.5) 2,455.7 513.6 (2,248.8) 2,762.4
(Deficit)/surplus after tax 61.4 63.4 (2.0) 61.4 (331.6) 393.0
Opening general fund balance 251.1 189.7
Surplus on the general fund 61.4 61.4
Closing general fund balance 312.5 251.1
* Management has concluded that the Expenditure and Funding * Management has concluded that the Expenditure and Funding
Analysis presents a true and fair view of the Group’s financial Analysis presents a true and fair view of the Group’s financial
performance. Central items are not reported to management or performance. Central items are not reported to management or
maintained on a segmental basis. The effect of this is presented maintained on a segmental basis. The effect of this is presented
on a separate line item and disclosed in Note 2 on a separate line item and disclosed in Note 2

--- Page 145 ---
145 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
3. Expenditure and Funding Analysis
(continued)
Capital Pension Other statutory Total statutory Non-statutory Total
adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments
For the year ended 31 March 2025 £m £m £m £m £m £m
London Underground - - - - - -
Elizabeth line - - - - - -
Buses, streets and other operations - - - - - -
Rail - - - - - -
Other segments - - - - - -
Group items - - - - - -
Central items not reported on a segmental basis 253.5 (109.8) (4.8) 138.9 1,927.0 2,065.9
Net cost of services 253.5 (109.8) (4.8) 138.9 1,927.0 2,065.9
Other income and expenditure (344.1) - (4.0) (348.1) (1,654.4) (2,002.5)
(Deficit)/surplus after tax (90.6) (109.8) (8.8) (209.2) 272.6 63.4
Capital Pension Other statutory Total statutory Non-statutory Total
adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments
For the year ended 31 March 2024 £m £m £m £m £m £m
London Underground - - - - - -
Elizabeth line - - - - - -
Buses, streets and other operations - - - - - -
Rail - - - - - -
Other segments - - - - - -
Group items - - - - - -
Central items not reported on a segmental basis 230.5 (123.3) (1.3) 105.9 1,811.3 1,917.2
Net cost of services 230.5 (123.3) (1.3) 105.9 1,811.3 1,917.2
Other income and expenditure (348.9) - (81.6) (430.5) (1,818.3) (2,248.8)
(Deficit)/surplus after tax (118.4) (123.3) (82.9) (324.6) (7.0) (331.6)

--- Page 146 ---
146 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
4. Gross expenditure
Gross expenditure recognised in the Comprehensive
Income and Expenditure Statement comprises: The average number of persons employed in the year was:
Group Group Corporation Corporation Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m £m £m Year ended 31 March Number Number Number Number
Staff costs: Permanent staff (including fixed term contracts) 27,335 26,306 8,778 7,991
Wages and salaries* 1,778.8 1,676.7 541.3 476.7 Agency staff 1,871 2,195 1,020 1,578
Social security costs 210.5 197.0 63.7 54.4 29,206 28,501 9,798 9,569
Pension costs 35 291.4 281.9 82.4 38.6
2,280.7 2,155.6 687.4 569.7
Other service expenditure** 4,998.2 4,854.1 366.5 482.0
5. External audit fees
Credit loss expense 495.9 445.8 478.5 451.9
Depreciation 13 1,246.6 1,228.1 174.3 163.2
Amortisation right-of-use assets 14 325.8 330.6 27.1 29.1 External audit fees are made up as follows:
Amortisation of software intangibles 12 76.7 70.0 50.2 38.2
Group Group Corporation Corporation
Impairment*** 13 1.3 (0.5) 1.8 -
2025 2024 2025 2024
9,425.2 9,083.7 1,785.8 1,734.1 Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m
Auditor's remuneration:
for statutory audit services 2.5 2.1 0.3 0.3
for non-audit services**** - - - -
2.5 2.1 0.3 0.3
* Wages and salaries include amounts provided *** Impairment includes impairment reversals
for the cost of voluntary severance where management have determined assets are
no longer impaired
** Included in the Corporation’s other service
expenditure is £88.7m (2023/24 £99.2m) relating **** The Audit and Assurance Committee reviews
to financial assistance to London Boroughs and notes the nature and extent of non-audit
and other third parties (see Note 41 for services provided by TfL’s external auditor to
detailed analysis) ensure that independence is maintained

--- Page 147 ---
147 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
6. Remuneration
a) Number of employees receiving total The impact of the transfer of employees bands for TfL and its subsidiaries. This
remuneration of more than £50,000 into and out of the Corporation from includes salaries, fees, performance-
The Code requires the disclosure of subsidiaries can cause distortion for related pay, benefits in kind, lump
remuneration for the Corporation’s year-on-year comparison purposes. sums and termination payments, but
employees whose total remuneration in the Consequently, an additional voluntary excludes pension contributions paid by
year was £50,000 or more, grouped in rising disclosure for the Group is provided the employer.
bands of £5,000. that shows the combined employee
Group Group Corporation Corporation Group Group Corporation Corporation
Remuneration (£) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Remuneration (£) 2025 2024 2025 2024
50,000 - 54,999 1,626 1,597 671 537 135,000 - 139,999 67 45 19 17
55,000 - 59,999 1,786 2,137 676 782 140,000 - 144,999 43 24 10 9
60,000 - 64,999 1,764 4,207 816 672 145,000 - 149,999 41 21 14 7
65,000 - 69,999 1,978 2,480 704 574 150,000 - 154,999 22 23 7 9
70,000 - 74,999 2,912 1,571 552 479 155,000 - 159,999 25 14 5 5
75,000 - 79,999 3,122 1,318 479 423 160,000 - 164,999 17 9 7 3
80,000 - 84,999 1,555 1,001 437 328 165,000 - 169,999 13 11 5 6
85,000 - 89,999 1,256 762 357 242 170,000 - 174,999 4 5 2 2
90,000 - 94,999 947 582 255 185 175,000 - 179,999 5 6 3 2
95,000 - 99,999 712 458 199 136 180,000 - 184,999 7 7 3 2
100,000 - 104,999 558 333 114 96 185,000 - 189,999 5 9 1 6
105,000 - 109,999 418 252 79 68 190,000 - 194,999 4 5 2 3
110,000 - 114,999 319 172 54 50 195,000 - 199,999 8 5 5 1
115,000 - 119,999 244 147 49 47 200,000 - 204,999 3 1 2 1
120,000 - 124,999 166 88 29 26 205,000 - 209,999 3 1 - 1
125,000 - 129,999 113 68 25 23 210,000 - 214,999 6 2 2 2
130,000 - 134,999 93 39 24 14 215,000 - 219,999 2 3 2 2

--- Page 148 ---
148 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
6. Remuneration
(continued)
Group Group Corporation Corporation Group Group Corporation Corporation
Remuneration (£) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Remuneration (£) 2025 2024 2025 2024
220,000 - 224,999 2 1 1 1 375,000 - 379,999 1 1 1 1
225,000 - 229,999 5 1 1 1 380,000 - 384,999 1 - 1 -
230,000 - 234,999 1 1 1 1 420,000 - 424,999 1 - 1 -
235,000 - 239,999 2 2 1 1 435,000 - 439,999 1 - 1 -
240,000 - 244,999 2 4 2 2 470,000 - 474,999 1 - 1 -
245,000 - 249,999 3 - 2 - 495,000 - 499,999 - 1 - 1
250,000 - 254,999 1 1 - - 520,000 - 524,999 - 1 - 1
255,000 - 259,999 - 1 - 1 635,000 - 639,999 1 - 1 -
260,000 - 264,999 2 - 1 - Total 19,875 17,432 5,631 4,782
265,000 - 269,999 1 - 1 -
270,000 - 274,999 - 1 - 1
b) Remuneration for senior employees Employer’s pension contributions
275,000 - 279,999 2 2 2 2
The Accounts and Audit Regulations include the contribution in respect
285,000 - 289,999 - 2 - 1 2015 require disclosure of individual of future benefit accrual. Separately,
remuneration details for senior employees. member contributions are payable by
295,000 - 299,999 3 2 3 1
Senior employees are those with a base employees at the rate of five per cent of
300,000 - 304,999 - 1 - 1 salary of £150,000 or more, calculated pensionable salary.
on a full-time equivalent basis for those
305,000 - 309,999 - 1 - 1
working part-time. Salary, fees and allowances are disclosed
315,000 - 319,999 - 1 - 1 on an earned basis to ensure that reported
Disclosure is made for each financial year salary is based on annual salary rather than
325,000 - 329,999 - 1 - 1
under various categories and set out in the being distorted by the variable timing of
tables below. payroll payments. Performance-related
335,000 - 339,999 - 2 - 2
pay, however, is reported on a cash paid
345,000 - 349,999 - 1 - - basis as performance payments may not be
determined for many months after the end
355,000 - 359,999 - 1 - 1
of the relevant year.
370,000 - 374,999 1 - 1 -

--- Page 149 ---
149 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of
the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the
Notes to the Financial Statements T is f L p a S i a d v a in t g t s h e fo r r a R te e t o ir f e t m he e n e t m P p la lo n y o er r c T o fL n t P r e ib n u s t io io n n F f u o n r d e . g T o h n e e , a d ll i o sc w o a u n n c t e e d T is f L p a S i a d v a in t g t s h e fo r r a R te e t o ir f e t m he e n e t m P p la lo n y o er r c T o fL n t P r e ib n u s t io io n n F f u o n r d e . g T o h n e e , a d ll i o sc w o a u n n c t e e d T is f L p a S i a d v a in t g t s h e fo r r a R te e t o ir f e t m he e n e t m P p la lo n y o er r c T o fL n t P r e ib n u s t io io n n F f u o n r d e . g T o h n e e , a d ll i o sc w o a u n n c t e e d T is f L p a S i a d v a in t g t s h e fo r r a R te e t o ir f e t m he e n e t m P p la lo n y o er r c T o fL n t P r e ib n u s t io io n n F f u o n r d e . g T o h n e e , a d ll i o sc w o a u n n c t e e d T is f L p a S i a d v a in t g t s h e fo r r a R te e t o ir f e t m he e n e t m P p la lo n y o er r c T o fL n t P r e ib n u s t io io n n F f u o n r d e . g T o h n e e , a d ll i o sc w o a u n n c t e e d
by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional
employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to
those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who
choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL
Pension Fund Pension Fund Pension Fund Pension Fund Pension Fund
6. Remuneration
(continued)
Employees receiving a base annual salary of £150,000 or more (£)
Performance- Total Performance- Total
Salary related pay remuneration Salary related pay remuneration
(including and retention Compensation excluding Employer's (including and retention excluding
fees and payments paid for loss of pension contribution fees and payments paid pension
allowances) in the year employment Benefits in kind contributions to pension allowances) in the year contributions
Name Notes 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2023/24 2023/24** 2023/24***
Andy Lord, Commissioner a *448,512 187,902 - 2,750 639,164 - *424,416 99,204 525,770
Fiona Brunskill, Chief People Officer b 277,045 97,890 - 2,719 377,654 45,395 244,247 83,319 329,698
Andrea Clarke, General Counsel c 247,466 48,949 - 2,126 298,541 44,708 206,812 94,337 302,815
Stuart Harvey, Chief Capital Officer *347,528 73,929 - 2,126 423,583 - *336,101 159,296 497,063
Claire Mann, Chief Operating Officer d 305,129 - - 2,077 307,206 49,628 - - -
Lilli Matson, Chief Safety, Health and
e
Environment Officer 231,220 36,000 - 2,126 269,346 44,671 199,115 73,053 273,834
Rachel McLean, Chief Finance Officer f 318,761 116,567 - 2,126 437,454 45,845 302,131 71,434 375,231
Alex Williams, Chief Customer and Strategy Officer g *331,836 50,400 - - 382,236 - *309,655 49,303 358,958
Trish Ashton, Director of Rail and Sponsored Services h 185,257 20,926 - 957 207,140 37,493 171,278 11,046 183,075
Samantha Bain-Mollison, Head of Sector –
i
Retail Development, Places for London 135,395 - - - 135,395 27,904 - - -
Matt Brown, Director of Communications
and Corporate Affairs 185,500 30,702 - - 216,202 39,295 178,500 51,900 230,400
Christina Calderato, Director of Strategy 181,068 30,477 - 2,126 213,671 35,098 157,914 35,384 194,964
Helen Chapman, Director of Licensing and Regulation 151,957 19,198 - 2,136 173,291 31,098 145,990 32,458 180,113
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of ** the payment of performance awards for 2021/22 and 2022/23 was subject d entered service 3 April 2024
the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the to TfL achieving the financial overlay trigger which was confirmed as
e salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £3,780 (2023/24 £885)
TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance met in June 2023, with payments made for both years in 2023/24
is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted f 2024/25 performance-related pay disclosed includes
*** total remuneration for 2023/24 also includes benefits in kind as
by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional retention payment
reported in last year’s Statement of Accounts
employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to g salary sacrificed for Cycle to Work scheme of £266 (2023/24 £3,195)
those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who a 2024/25 performance-related pay disclosed includes
choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL retention payment h salary sacrificed for childcare vouchers of £1,456 (2023/24 £1,456) and
holiday buy of £3,258 (2023/24 £752)
Pension Fund b salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £3,601 (2023/24 £1,080)
Performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment i entered service 13 May 2024
c salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £4,070 (2023/24 £3,577). 2023/24
performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment

--- Page 150 ---
150 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of
the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the
Notes to the Financial Statements TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance
is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted
by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional
employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to
those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who
choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL
Pension Fund Pension Fund Pension Fund
6. Remuneration
(continued)
Performance- Total Performance- Total
Salary related pay remuneration Salary related pay remuneration
(including and retention Compensation excluding Employer's (including and retention excluding
fees and payments paid for loss of pension contribution fees and payments paid pension
allowances) in the year employment Benefits in kind contributions to pension allowances) in the year contributions
Name Notes 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2023/24 2023/24** 2023/24***
George Clark, Technical Director j 136,161 22,342 - 2,126 160,629 2,194 179,150 32,683 213,499
Isabel Coman, Director of Engineering
and Asset Strategy 196,182 32,735 - 957 229,874 41,686 189,000 10,463 200,214
Natalie Conway, Director of Business Services k 39,957 - - 201 40,158 3,577 - - -
Michael Cooper, Director of Programme
Management Office 175,681 21,190 - 2,126 198,997 35,742 167,235 22,621 191,522
Graeme Craig, Director and Chief Executive,
Places for London 209,697 28,687 - 2,126 240,510 44,656 202,020 35,461 239,147
Justine Curry, Director of Legal l 189,705 44,824 - 2,126 236,655 32,396 166,830 52,142 220,638
Nick Dent, Director of Customer Operations –
London Underground 205,000 32,236 - 2,126 239,362 43,434 196,560 46,616 244,842
Patrick Doig, Group Procurement
and Commercial Director *264,159 31,013 - 2,126 297,298 - *267,254 70,528 339,448
Carl Eddleston, Director of Streets and Network
Operations 168,069 8,693 - 957 177,719 23,995 159,879 15,243 175,873
Nick Fairholme, Director of Capital Delivery – Systems 186,576 30,916 - 2,136 219,628 33,432 180,514 39,740 221,919
Mark Farrow, Director of Strategy and Planning,
Places for London 154,342 6,702 - 2,126 163,170 24,553 147,577 12,346 161,589
Stephen Field, Director of Pensions and
m
Chief Executive to the TfL Pension Fund *218,320 24,818 - 2,126 245,264 - *212,604 97,000 311,270
Jonathan Fox, Director of Rail and Sponsored Services n 174,072 20,964 - 2,126 197,162 34,687 167,629 28,156 197,451
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of the ** the payment of performance awards for 2021/22 and 2022/23 was subject l performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment
individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the TfL to TfL achieving the financial overlay trigger which was confirmed as
m member of the TfL unfunded pension scheme. Salary sacrificed for
Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance is paid met in June 2023, with payments made for both years in 2023/24
pension of £9,680 (2023/24 £9,011). 2023/24 Performance-related pay
at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted by the
*** total remuneration for 2023/24 also includes benefits in kind as disclosed includes retention payment
employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional employer
reported in last year’s Statement of Accounts
cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to those n currently on secondment with Network Rail and all costs recovered
employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who choose j paid for providing services three days per week from 5 January 2025 from Network Rail
to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL Pension Fund k entered service 6 January 2025

--- Page 151 ---
151 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of
the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the
Notes to the Financial Statements TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance
is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted
by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional
employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to
those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who
choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL
Pension Fund Pension Fund
6. Remuneration
(continued)
Performance- Total Performance- Total
Salary related pay remuneration Salary related pay remuneration
(including and retention Compensation excluding Employer's (including and retention excluding
fees and payments paid for loss of pension contribution fees and payments paid pension
allowances) in the year employment Benefits in kind contributions to pension allowances) in the year contributions
Name Notes 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2023/24 2023/24** 2023/24***
Manisha Gangopadhyay, Director of People
o
(Non Operations) and Change 149,818 10,835 - 2,126 162,779 26,144 115,044 13,050 129,745
Jules Gascoigne, Chief Information Security Officer p 150,152 21,875 - 2,126 174,153 31,860 145,199 20,850 167,715
Oliver Gearing, Director of Finance – Operations 159,877 7,142 - - 167,019 31,820 140,712 23,637 164,349
Manish Gupta, Corporate Finance Director q 15,612 - - 117 15,729 1,147 - - -
Scott Haxton, Director of Capital Delivery –
Infrastructure 166,363 14,432 - 2,126 182,921 23,874 110,205 12,224 124,095
Geoff Hobbs, Director of Public Transport
Service Planning 168,935 24,706 - - 193,641 35,692 *166,557 35,060 201,617
Lorraine Humphrey, Director of Risk and Assurance r 169,802 27,191 - 957 197,950 35,981 161,753 33,558 196,062
Richard Jones, Director of Asset Performance Delivery 177,336 7,720 - 2,126 187,182 32,001 159,144 16,727 177,538
Marian Kelly, Director of Safety, Health and
s
Environment Business Partnering – Operations 131,694 11,210 - 957 143,861 27,576 121,750 19,666 141,867
Siwan Lloyd-Hayward, Director of Security,
Policing and Enforcement 174,000 21,583 - 2,126 197,709 35,870 163,013 27,656 192,335
Dan Lovatt, Director of Asset Management,
t
Places for London 176,078 70,193 - 2,126 248,397 31,831 173,326 106,970 281,962
Diane Maino, Head of Commercial Law u 172,372 41,472 - 957 214,801 31,917 162,051 35,281 198,083
Peter McNaught, Director of Operational Readiness *231,365 30,701 - 2,126 264,192 - *231,651 56,013 289,330
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of the ** the payment of performance awards for 2021/22 and 2022/23 was subject q entered service 3 March 2025
individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the TfL to TfL achieving the financial overlay trigger which was confirmed as
r salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £3,125 (2023/24 £2,932)
Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance is paid met in June 2023, with payments made for both years in 2023/24
at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted by the s paid for providing services 4.5 days per week
*** total remuneration for 2023/24 also includes benefits in kind as
employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional employer reported in last year’s Statement of Accounts t salary sacrificed for childcare vouchers of £13 (2023/24 £13)
cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to those
employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who choose o salary sacrificed for childcare vouchers of of £1,456 (2023/24 £1,456) u salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £2,124 (2023/24 £637).
Performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment
to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL Pension Fund p salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £2,768 (2023/24 £2,627).
Performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment

--- Page 152 ---
152 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of
the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the
Notes to the Financial Statements TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance
is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted
by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional
employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to
those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who
choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL
Pension Fund
6. Remuneration
(continued)
Performance- Total Performance- Total
Salary related pay remuneration Salary related pay remuneration
(including and retention Compensation excluding Employer's (including and retention excluding
fees and payments paid for loss of pension contribution fees and payments paid pension
allowances) in the year employment Benefits in kind contributions to pension allowances) in the year contributions
Name Notes 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2023/24 2023/24** 2023/24***
Andrew Morsley, Director of Operational Planning v 164,327 20,158 - 2,126 186,611 33,464 152,250 26,740 180,656
Lorna Murphy, Director of Buses w 84,301 - - - 84,301 14,023 - - -
Digby Nicklin, Chief Finance Officer, Places for London x 178,850 12,828 - 2,126 193,804 38,426 89,507 - 90,335
Patricia Obinna, Director of Diversity and Inclusion y 174,226 13,162 - 2,126 189,514 31,198 156,931 32,876 191,473
Samantha Phillips, Head of Occupational Health
z
and Wellbeing 155,185 41,332 - 2,126 198,643 32,301 150,717 35,482 187,865
Claire Porter, Chief Technical Officer aa 89,576 5,931 - 2,126 97,633 19,118 88,112 21,053 110,831
David Rowe, Director of Investment Planning 161,220 7,736 - - 168,956 26,642 142,364 21,567 163,931
Rachel Sherry, Director of Finance – Capital ab 162,728 7,975 - 2,126 172,829 31,820 150,049 11,325 163,041
Howard Smith, Director of the Elizabeth line ac *206,589 33,502 - 2,126 242,217 - *199,658 53,267 254,591
Emma Strain, Director of Customer ad 173,414 26,250 - 957 200,621 33,075 152,533 - 153,266
Sue Taylor, Director of People (Operations),
ae
Employee Relations and Reward 189,442 32,130 - 2,126 223,698 40,705 163,509 22,001 187,176
Lucinda Turner, Director of Spatial Planning af 179,735 22,424 - 2,126 204,285 34,589 170,868 44,745 217,279
Shashi Verma, Chief Technology Officer 243,154 31,950 - 957 276,061 60,506 234,604 55,350 290,705
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of the *** total remuneration for 2023/24 also includes benefits in kind as aa paid for providing services three days per week. Salary sacrificed for
individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the TfL reported in last year’s Statement of Accounts Cycle to Work scheme of £1,637 (2023/24 £1,909) and holiday buy of
Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance is paid £1,274 (2023/24 £382)
v salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £673 (2023/24 £nil)
at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted by the
ab salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £641 (2023/24 £nil)
employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional employer w entered service 2 October 2024
cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to those x entered service 25 September 2023. Salary sacrificed for Cycle to Work ac member of the TfL unfunded pension scheme. Salary sacrificed for
employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who choose scheme of £2,800 (2023/24 £862) pension of £9,244 (2023/24 £8,750)
to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL Pension Fund ad entered service 3 April 2023
y salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £774 (2023/24 £nil). 2023/24
** the payment of performance awards for 2021/22 and 2022/23 was subject performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment ae salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £2,588 (2023/24 £2,226)
to TfL achieving the financial overlay trigger which was confirmed as
z salary sacrificed for holiday buy of of £2,809 (2023/24 £646). af salary sacrificed for holiday buy of £2,315 (2023/24 £2,832)
met in June 2023, with payments made for both years in 2023/24
Performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment

--- Page 153 ---
153 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of * salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of
the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the the individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the
TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance TfL Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance
is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted is paid at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted
by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional by the employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional
employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to employer cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to
those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who those employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who
6. Remuneration choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL choose to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL
Pension Fund Pension Fund Pension Fund
(continued)
Performance- Total Performance- Total
Salary related pay remuneration Salary related pay remuneration
(including and retention Compensation excluding Employer's (including and retention excluding
fees and payments paid for loss of pension contribution fees and payments paid pension
allowances) in the year employment Benefits in kind contributions to pension allowances) in the year contributions
Name Notes 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2024/25 2023/24 2023/24** 2023/24***
Former employees
Thomas Ableman, Director of Strategy and Innovation ag 46,466 22,720 67,597 659 137,442 12,857 160,000 16,666 178,332
Glynn Barton, Chief Operating Officer ah 47,253 31,450 - 377 79,080 8,055 245,050 51,451 298,167
Lester Hampson, Director of Property Development,
ai
Places for London 122,020 112,749 - 1,650 236,419 30,008 195,094 125,286 322,046
Michael Hardaker, Director of Capital Delivery –
aj
Infrastructure 10,085 - - 148 10,233 3,783 196,779 45,590 242,485
Joanna Hawkes, Corporate Finance Director ak *232,879 27,912 - 941 261,732 - *234,336 54,115 288,451
Maureen Jackson, Director of Business Services al 71,166 23,803 - 958 95,927 18,339 165,796 47,363 214,825
Stewart Mills, Director of Infrastructure, Crossrail am 154,096 - 70,166 1,602 225,864 14,658 198,260 - 199,926
Jonathan Wharfe, Director of Procurement
an
and Commercial – Operations 148,876 49,827 159,538 1,832 360,073 35,626 173,250 35,640 210,556
Tricia Wright, Chief Officer – Pensions Review ao *188,399 43,973 234,513 733 467,618 - *255,007 84,267 340,033
* salary, fees and allowances include an allowance paid as a result of the *** total remuneration for 2023/24 also includes benefits in kind as al left service 4 September 2024. Salary sacrificed for holiday buy of
individual opting out of part or all of the benefits provided by the TfL reported in last year’s Statement of Accounts £1,368 (2023/24 £2,834)
Savings for Retirement Plan or TfL Pension Fund. The allowance is paid
ag left service 15 July 2024 am left service 31 December 2024
at the rate of the employer contribution foregone, discounted by the
employer rate of National Insurance to ensure no additional employer ah left service 28 May 2024 an left service 31 January 2025
cost is incurred. It also includes an allowance available to those ai left service 31 December 2024 ao left service 27 December 2024. Member of the TfL unfunded pension
employees who are employed on fixed term contracts and who choose scheme. Salary sacrificed for pension of £8,578 (2023/24 £10,225)
aj left service 19 April 2024
to join a defined contribution scheme rather than the TfL Pension Fund
ak left service 31 March 2025. Salary sacrificed for Cycle to Work scheme
** the payment of performance awards for 2021/22 and 2022/23 was subject
of £687 (2023/24 £803) and for holiday buy of £2,881 (2023/24 £3,518).
to TfL achieving the financial overlay trigger which was confirmed as
Performance-related pay disclosed includes retention payment
met in June 2023, with payments made for both years in 2023/24

--- Page 154 ---
154 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
6. Remuneration
(continued)
c) Severance payments The majority of those who leave the TfL of their employment. These employees Termination payments disclosed in the
The Code requires the separate disclosure Group due to redundancy do so under are classified as leaving due to ‘voluntary tables below are reported on a cash
of the number and cost of compulsory and TfL’s voluntary severance terms, by severance’. A small number of employees paid basis to provide certainty on the
voluntary severance termination packages choosing to accept the voluntary severance who leave due to redundancy do not wish amounts reported, and include pension
agreed during the year. terms which are set out in a compromise to sign a compromise agreement and accept contributions in respect of added years, ex-
agreement signed by both the employer the voluntary terms. They are classified as gratia payments and other related costs.
and the employee on the termination having left due to ‘compulsory redundancy’.
Group Group Corporation Corporation Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 2024 2024
Termination payments number £m number £m number £m number £m
Non-compulsory exit packages (£)
0 - 20,000 4 0.1 3 - 14 0.2 1 -
20,001 - 40,000 9 0.3 3 0.1 25 0.8 1 -
40,001 - 60,000 8 0.4 6 0.3 13 0.6 3 0.1
60,001 - 80,000 21 1.5 12 0.8 4 0.3 - -
80,001 - 100,000 12 1.1 9 0.8 10 0.9 - -
100,001 - 150,000 12 1.4 7 0.8 10 1.3 2 0.2
150,001 - 200,000 5 0.8 3 0.5 4 0.7 1 0.2
200,001 - 250,000 1 0.2 1 0.2 - - - -
250,001 - 300,000 - - - - 1 0.3 - -
Total non-compulsory exit packages 72 5.8 44 3.5 81 5.1 8 0.5
Compulsory exit packages (£)
0 - 20,000 - - - - - - - -
Total 72 5.8 44 3.5 81 5.1 8 0.5

--- Page 155 ---
155 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
7. Other operating (income)/expenditure 9. Financing and investment expenditure
Group Group Corporation Corporation Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m Year ended 31 March Note £m £m £m £m
Net loss on disposal of investment property - 1.2 - - Interest payable on loans and derivatives 498.4 465.9 496.1 471.1
Fair value loss on office buildings 0.1 4.1 - - Interest payable on right-of-use lease liabilities 114.7 117.4 9.4 10.2
Net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant Interest payable on PFI liabilities 3.3 4.0 3.3 4.0
and equipment (77.8) 15.3 (78.0) 11.4
Contingent rentals on PFI contracts 15.7 14.4 15.7 14.4
Write-off of property, plant and equipment 40.0 - 32.6 -
Change in fair value of investment properties
Reversal of gain on disposal of investment property - 112.0 - 110.8 (including those classified as held for sale) 16 - 107.9 - -
Net gain on disposal of intangibles (0.6) (19.7) - - Net interest on defined benefit obligation 35 (118.4) (80.4) (118.4) (80.4)
Net gain on disposal of finance leases - (15.6) - (13.2) Other financing and investment expenditure (0.4) 6.0 0.7 1.0
Total other operating (income)/expenditure (38.3) 97.3 (45.4) 109.0 513.3 635.2 406.8 420.3
Less: amounts capitalised into
qualifying assets 13 (11.8) (11.8) - -
Total 501.5 623.4 406.8 420.3
8. Financing and investment income
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m £m £m
Interest income on bank deposits and
other investments 70.2 64.7 65.1 59.5
Interest income on loans to subsidiaries - - 447.3 434.4
Change in fair value of investment properties
(including those classified as held for sale) 16 62.2 - 15.9 55.6
Net gain on disposal of investment properties 28.3 16.2 1.4 6.1
Interest receivable on finance lease receivables 0.4 0.8 0.2 0.4
Dividends receivable from subsidiaries - - - 7.5
Other investment income 1.6 4.5 0.1 1.9
Total 162.7 86.2 530.0 565.4

--- Page 156 ---
156 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
10. Grant income 11. Taxation
TfL Corporation is exempt from Corporation Tax, but its subsidiaries are
Group Group Corporation Corporation assessable individually to taxation in accordance with current tax legislation.
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m
a) Corporation Tax
Non-ring-fenced resource grant from the DfT The Group tax expense for the year, based on the rate of
used to fund operations - 188.3 - 188.3
Corporation Tax of 25 per cent (2023/24 25 per cent) comprised:
Non-ring-fenced Business Rates Retention from
the GLA used to fund operations 1,477.0 1,030.8 1,477.0 1,030.8
Group Group
Other revenue grant received 65.2 268.4 64.0 267.3
2025 2024
Council tax precept 244.1 178.2 244.1 178.2 Year ended 31 March £m £m
Total grants allocated to revenue 1,786.3 1,665.7 1,785.1 1,664.6 UK Corporation Tax – current year charge - -
Ring-fenced grant from the GLA used to fund UK Corporation Tax – adjustments in respect of prior years - (2.5)
capital expenditure relating to Crossrail 35.0 - 35.0 -
Total current tax income - (2.5)
Non-ring-fenced Business Rates Retention from
the GLA used to fund capital 692.9 882.8 692.9 882.8 Deferred tax – current year (income)/charge (32.4) 4.1
Non-ring-fenced grant from DfT used to fund capital 5.0 810.0 5.0 810.0 Deferred tax – prior year charge - 47.9
Other capital grants and contributions received 211.9 146.1 181.8 111.1 Total tax (income)/charge for the year (32.4) 49.5
Total grants allocated to capital 944.8 1,838.9 914.7 1,803.9
Total grants 2,731.1 3,504.6 2,699.8 3,468.5
Reconciliation of tax expense
Group Group
Allocation of capital grants
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m
Group Group Corporation Corporation (Deficit)/surplus on the provision of services before tax (34.4) 442.5
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m £m £m (Deficit)/surplus on the provision of services before tax multiplied by standard rate
of Corporation Tax in the UK of 25% (2023/24 25%) (8.6) 110.6
Capital grant funding of subsidiaries* - - 707.9 1,484.0
Effects of:
Applied capital grants 37 952.5 1,769.1 214.5 250.1
Non-taxable income/non-deductible expenses (56.5) (222.8)
Transfer (from)/to unapplied capital grants 38 (7.7) 69.8 (7.7) 69.8
Prior period adjustments - (2.5)
Total capital grants 944.8 1,838.9 914.7 1,803.9
Permanent difference in TfL Corporation (41.6) (69.2)
Amount charged to current tax for which no deferred tax was recognised 76.6 188.8
Recognition of previously unrecognised deferred tax - 47.9
Utilisation of tax losses carried forward for which no deferred tax was recognised (1.3) (1.3)
* Capital grant funding of subsidiaries in the Corporation
Overseas earnings (1.0) (2.0)
represent revenue expenditure funded from capital
under statute (REFCUS). The sources of finance are all Total tax (income)/charge for the year (32.4) 49.5
applied during the year. Refer to Note 39

--- Page 157 ---
157 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
11. Taxation
(continued)
b) Unrecognised deferred tax assets c) Movement in recognised deferred tax assets
The Group has a potential net deferred tax asset of £279.6m (2024 and liabilities during the year
£345.2m) in respect of the following items: Deferred tax assets have been recognised only to the extent that
they are considered available to offset deferred tax liabilities as at
the Balance Sheet date. Their movements during the year were in
Group Group respect of the following items:
2025 2024
Item £m £m
Deductible temporary differences 3.2 3.1 Movement
in other
Tax losses 276.4 342.1 Movement in comprehensive
Balance at the provision income during Balance at
Unrecognised deferred tax asset 279.6 345.2
1 April 2024 of services the year 31 March 2025
For the year ended 31 March 2025 £m £m £m £m
Deferred tax assets
No net deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the Tax losses 1,088.7 40.7 - 1,129.4
above as it is not considered probable that there will be sufficient
Derivative financial instruments 15.3 (9.4) - 5.9
future taxable profits available against which the unused tax credits
Total 1,104.0 31.3 - 1,135.3
can be utilised. The tax losses and the deductible temporary
differences do not expire under current tax legislation. Deferred tax liabilities
Investment properties (363.5) 26.7 - (336.8)
Property, plant and equipment (1,162.9) (25.6) - (1,188.5)
Total (1,526.4) 1.1 - (1,525.3)
Net deferred tax liability (422.4) 32.4 - (390.0)

--- Page 158 ---
158 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
11. Taxation
(continued)
c) Movement in recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities The key movements in the period were due • The property, plant and equipment
during the year (continued) to the following: deferred tax balance has changed in
the period due to assets acquired and
• The deferred tax liability arising on disposed in the year, movements in the
Movement
investment properties, including those market value of assets held and capital
Movement in other
in the comprehensive classified as assets held for sale, has allowances claimed
Balance at provision of income during Balance at decreased due to the revaluation
1 April 2023 services the year 31 March 2024
movements recognised in financing and • Included in the deferred tax balances
For the year ended 31 March 2024 £m £m £m £m
investment income for property, plant and equipment
Deferred tax assets is the deferred tax movement on
• Certain properties that had not revaluation gains recognised in Other
Tax losses 781.8 306.9 - 1,088.7
previously been held at a value were Comprehensive Income
Derivative financial instruments 4.6 10.7 - 15.3
reclassified as investment property and
Total 786.4 317.6 - 1,104.0 valued at open market value prior to • The deferred tax asset arising in respect
transfer to Places for London Limited, of derivative financial instruments
Deferred tax liabilities
a subsidiary of the Corporation, during has decreased during the year due to
Investment properties (361.1) (2.4) - (363.5) the year and in prior years. It is not movement in the fair value of derivatives
considered that sufficient deferred tax
Assets held for sale (12.7) 12.7 - -
assets will be available to offset this
Property, plant and equipment (783.0) (379.9) - (1,162.9) deferred tax liability in full
Total (1,156.8) (369.6) - (1,526.4)
Net deferred tax liability (370.4) (52.0) - (422.4)

--- Page 159 ---
159 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
12. Intangible assets
a) Group intangible assets b) Corporation intangible assets
Intangible Intangible
Software assets under Software assets under
costs construction Goodwill Total costs construction Total
Group intangible assets Note £m £m £m £m Corporation intangible assets Note £m £m £m
Cost Cost
At 1 April 2023 570.0 19.5 351.8 941.3 At 1 April 2023 336.7 11.1 347.8
Additions 41.1 10.5 - 51.6 Additions 28.2 9.5 37.7
Net transfers from property, plant and equipment 13 - 33.3 - 33.3 Net transfers from property, plant and equipment 13 - 23.7 23.7
Transfers between asset classes 48.4 (48.4) - - Transfers between asset classes 32.5 (32.5) -
Disposals (34.8) - - (34.8) Disposals (27.8) - (27.8)
At 31 March 2024 624.7 14.9 351.8 991.4 At 31 March 2024 369.6 11.8 381.4
Additions 39.5 16.0 - 55.5 Additions 38.7 13.2 51.9
Net transfers from property, plant and equipment 13 - 36.9 - 36.9 Net transfers from property, plant and equipment 13 - 33.0 33.0
Transfers between asset classes 38.9 (38.9) - - Transfers between asset classes 35.0 (35.0) -
Disposals (10.6) - - (10.6) Disposals (8.1) - (8.1)
At 31 March 2025 692.5 28.9 351.8 1,073.2 At 31 March 2025 435.2 23.0 458.2
Amortisation and impairment Amortisation and impairment
At 1 April 2023 335.0 - 349.2 684.2 At 1 April 2023 180.2 - 180.2
Amortisation charge for the year 4 70.0 - - 70.0 Amortisation charge for the year 4 38.2 - 38.2
Disposals (34.7) - - (34.7) Disposals (27.8) - (27.8)
At 31 March 2024 370.3 - 349.2 719.5 At 31 March 2024 190.6 - 190.6
Amortisation charge for the year 4 76.7 - - 76.7 Amortisation charge for the year 4 50.2 - 50.2
Disposals (9.7) - - (9.7) Disposals (7.2) - (7.2)
At 31 March 2025 437.3 - 349.2 786.5 At 31 March 2025 233.6 - 233.6
Net book value at 31 March 2025 255.2 28.9 2.6 286.7 Net book value at 31 March 2025 201.6 23.0 224.6
Net book value at 31 March 2024 254.4 14.9 2.6 271.9 Net book value at 31 March 2024 179.0 11.8 190.8
Intangible assets under construction comprise Intangible assets under construction comprise software
software assets under development by the Group. assets under development by the Corporation.

--- Page 160 ---
160 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
13. Property, plant and equipment
a) Group property, plant and equipment at 31 March 2025
comprised the following elements:
Office Rolling Plant and Assets under
building Infrastructure stock equipment construction Total
Element Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Cost or valuation
At 1 April 2024 261.3 51,055.0 5,434.4 1,939.8 4,241.0 62,931.5
Additions - 305.2 45.4 21.6 1,425.3 1,797.5
Transfers to intangible assets 12 - - - - (36.9) (36.9)
Transfers to investment properties 16 8.1 - - - (24.1) (16.0)
Transfers between asset classes - 500.4 75.3 29.9 (605.6) -
Disposals - (303.3) - (82.2) - (385.5)
Write-offs - (15.1) - (6.8) (31.4) (53.3)
Revaluation 9.6 - - - - 9.6
Reclassification* (90.7) - - 90.7 - -
At 31 March 2025 188.3 51,542.2 5,555.1 1,993.0 4,968.3 64,246.9
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 April 2024 51.7 13,555.8 2,744.7 1,255.9 62.2 17,670.3
Depreciation charge for the year 4 5.3 960.9 156.1 124.3 - 1,246.6
Impairment 4 - - - - 6.9 6.9
Disposals - (303.3) - (82.0) - (385.3)
Reversal of impairments - - - - (5.6) (5.6)
Write-offs - (10.3) - (3.0) - (13.3)
Revaluation (6.4) - - - - (6.4)
Reclassification* (50.6) - - 50.6 - -
At 31 March 2025 - 14,203.1 2,900.8 1,345.8 63.5 18,513.2
Net book value at 31 March 2025 188.3 37,339.1 2,654.3 647.2 4,904.8 45,733.7
Net book value at 31 March 2024 209.6 37,499.2 2,689.7 683.9 4,178.8 45,261.2
* During the year, management identified certain assets with a net * During the year, management identified certain assets
with a net book value of £40.1m in the opening balance of
book value of £40.1m in the opening balance of office buildings, which
office buildings, which should have been reclassified into
should have been reclassified into plant and equipment. There is no plant and equipment. There is no impact on the primary
impact on the primary statements or other notes to the accounts statements or other notes to the accounts

--- Page 161 ---
161 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
13. Property, plant and equipment
(continued)
b) Group property, plant and equipment at 31 March 2024
comprised the following elements:
Office Rolling Plant and Assets under
building Infrastructure stock equipment construction Total
Element Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Cost or valuation
At 1 April 2023 271.5 50,856.6 5,447.3 1,975.8 2,912.8 61,464.0
Additions 0.3 256.2 21.2 51.1 1,652.4 1,981.2
Transfers to intangible assets 12 - - - - (33.3) (33.3)
Transfers to investment properties 16 0.3 - - - (18.7) (18.4)
Transfers between asset classes 12.5 202.0 10.2 43.6 (268.3) -
Disposals - (256.3) (38.2) (119.8) - (414.3)
Write-offs - (3.5) (6.1) (10.9) (3.9) (24.4)
Revaluation (23.3) - - - - (23.3)
At 31 March 2024 261.3 51,055.0 5,434.4 1,939.8 4,241.0 62,931.5
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 April 2023 52.1 12,866.6 2,638.4 1,255.7 62.7 16,875.5
Depreciation charge for the year 4 8.9 947.1 149.6 122.5 - 1,228.1
Impairment 4 - - - - (0.5) (0.5)
Transfers to investment properties 16 (1.6) - - - - (1.6)
Disposals - (256.3) (38.3) (119.8) - (414.4)
Write-offs - (1.6) (5.0) (2.5) - (9.1)
Revaluation (7.7) - - - - (7.7)
At 31 March 2024 51.7 13,555.8 2,744.7 1,255.9 62.2 17,670.3

--- Page 162 ---
162 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
13. Property, plant and equipment
(continued)
Borrowing costs are included in the costs On 21 November 2019, the Corporation d) Depreciation charge
of qualifying assets to the extent that the entered into an agreement with Riverlinx The total depreciation charge for
asset is funded by borrowings. As a result, Limited for the design, build, financing, the Group for the year comprised:
the total borrowing costs capitalised during operations and maintenance of Silvertown
the year were £11.8m (2024 £11.8m). The Tunnel, connecting the Greenwich
cumulative borrowing costs capitalised Peninsula and the Royal Docks in London. 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m
are £978.8m (2024 £967.0m). Borrowings are Our financial obligations to make payments
capitalised at the rate of interest directly to Riverlinx Limited commenced when the Depreciation of owned assets 1,244.1 1,225.6
incurred on the specific borrowings taken tunnel opened in April 2025 (the ‘Permit to
Depreciation of assets held under PFI arrangements 2.5 2.5
out to fund the asset in question. Use Date’). From the Permit to Use Date,
the Corporation will make performance- Total depreciation 4 1,246.6 1,228.1
At 31 March 2025, the Group had capital based availability payments, initially at
commitments which are contracted for but £65m annually and indexed until the expiry
not provided for in the financial statements date of the agreement in January 2050.
amounting to £1,870.4m (2024 £1,854.2m). e) Group office buildings income, maintenance costs and the
The existing use value of owner-occupied appropriate discount rate, making reference
office buildings at 31 March 2025 has been to market evidence of transaction prices for
c) Group PFI assets arrived at on the basis of a valuation carried similar properties. A deduction is made to
The net book value above includes the out at that date by CBRE, a real estate reflect purchaser’s acquisition costs.
following amounts in respect of PFI assets: advisory business not connected with the
Group, and by chartered surveyors working Properties are valued in accordance
for TfL. In determining the existing use with the Red Book, RICS Valuation –
Infrastructure value, the capitalisation of net income Global Standards published by the Royal
and office Plant and method and the discounting of future cash Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
buildings equipment Total
flows to their present value has been used.
£m £m £m
This is based upon various assumptions The key unobservable inputs into these
Gross cost 209.1 16.7 225.8 including the anticipated future rental valuations are as follows:
Accumulated depreciation (106.6) (16.7) (123.3)
Net book value at 31 March 2025 102.5 - 102.5
Net book value at 31 March 2024 105.0 - 105.0
At 31 March 2025 2024
Equivalent yield range % 3.0-10.0 2.9-9.5
Estimated rental values range £psqft 30-75 9-75
See Note 28 for the details of the
associated PFI finance lease liabilities.

--- Page 163 ---
163 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
13. Property, plant and equipment
(continued)
Sensitivities • A higher equivalent yield would lead to a g) Corporation property, plant and equipment at
Information about the impact of changes in decrease in the valuation 31 March 2025 comprised the following elements:
unobservable inputs on the fair value of the
properties is set out in the table below. • An increase in the estimated rental value
Office Plant and Assets under
would increase the valuation
buildings Infrastructure equipment construction Total
There are interrelationships between the Element Note £m £m £m £m £m
unobservable inputs which are partially
Cost or valuation
determined by market conditions, but with
all other factors being equal: At 1 April 2024 (4.1) 6,217.3 319.4 676.8 7,209.4
Additions - 88.2 13.4 221.8 323.4
Net transfers to intangible assets 12 - - - (33.0) (33.0)
2025 2024
Transfers to investment properties 16 - - - (0.3) (0.3)
At 31 March £m £m
Transfers between asset classes 4.7 203.8 16.8 (225.3) -
50bps increase in equivalent yield (15.0) (11.4)
Disposals - (76.8) (11.3) - (88.1)
50bps decrease in equivalent yield 12.6 16.2
Intercompany transfer - (48.1) - - (48.1)
10% increase in estimated rental values 8.4 11.3
Write-offs - - (6.8) (28.8) (35.6)
10% decrease in estimated rental values (13.3) (11.3)
At 31 March 2025 0.6 6,384.4 331.5 611.2 7,327.7
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 April 2024 (4.6) 2,539.6 134.1 20.7 2,689.8
f) Group and Corporation heritage assets Due to the diverse nature of the assets
Depreciation charge for the year 4 - 129.7 44.6 - 174.3
Property, plant and equipment includes held and the lack of comparable market
a number of assets of importance to the values, the cost of obtaining a valuation Impairment charge for the year 4 - - - 6.4 6.4
history of London transport which are of TfL’s heritage assets is such that it
Transfers between asset classes 4.6 (4.6) - - -
classified as heritage assets in accordance would not be commensurate with the
Disposals - (76.7) (11.3) - (88.0)
with the Code. These comprise transport- benefits provided to users of the financial
related objects and material (including statements. The assets therefore remain Reversal of impairments - - - (4.6) (4.6)
vehicles, posters and photographs) held recorded in the accounts at historical
Write-offs - - (3.0) - (3.0)
to advance the preservation, conservation cost less accumulated depreciation. The
and education objects of London Transport collections have been externally valued for At 31 March 2025 - 2,588.0 164.4 22.5 2,774.9
Museum. The collection consists of insurance purposes only. Management do
Net book value at 31 March 2025 0.6 3,796.4 167.1 588.7 4,552.8
more than 400,000 items and is housed not consider these insurance valuations to
at the Museum’s sites in Covent Garden be necessarily indicative of open market Net book value at 31 March 2024 0.5 3,677.7 185.3 656.1 4,519.6
and Acton. fair value and hence have not incorporated
the insurance values into the financial
These assets are primarily former statements. The last valuation was carried
operational assets of the TfL Group whose out as at 31 March 2025 resulting in a value
legal title is retained by the Corporation of £39.9m. The net book value of these
or another of its operating subsidiaries. assets at 31 March 2025 was £nil (2024 £nil).

--- Page 164 ---
164 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
13. Property, plant and equipment
(continued)
h) Corporation property, plant and equipment at
31 March 2024 comprised the following elements:
The Corporation holds its office buildings at
valuation. All other items of property, plant
Office Plant and Assets under
and equipment are held at depreciated cost.
buildings Infrastructure equipment construction Total
Element Note £m £m £m £m £m
Direct borrowing costs are included in the
Cost or valuation
cost of qualifying assets to the extent that
At 1 April 2023 (4.6) 6,212.9 307.8 545.3 7,061.4 the asset is funded by borrowings. Total
borrowing costs capitalised during the
Additions 0.2 50.3 50.1 250.2 350.8
year were £nil (2024 £nil). The cumulative
Transfers to intangible assets 12 - - - (23.7) (23.7)
borrowing costs capitalised are also £nil
Transfers to investment properties 16 - - - (12.5) (12.5) (2024 £nil).
Transfers between asset classes 0.3 43.8 34.8 (78.9) -
At 31 March 2025, the Corporation
Disposals - (89.7) (63.5) - (153.2) had capital commitments which are
contracted for but not provided for in the
Write-offs - - (9.8) (3.6) (13.4)
financial statements amounting to £76.1m
At 31 March 2024 (4.1) 6,217.3 319.4 676.8 7,209.4 (2024 £83.1m).
Depreciation
In addition, and as described in section b) to
At 1 April 2023 (4.6) 2,506.0 159.7 20.7 2,681.8
this note, the Corporation has entered into
Depreciation charge for the year 4 - 123.3 39.9 - 163.2 an agreement with Riverlinx Limited for the
design, build, financing and maintenance
Disposals - (89.7) (63.5) - (153.2)
of Silvertown Tunnel, connecting the
Write-offs - - (2.0) - (2.0) Greenwich Peninsula and the Royal Docks
in London. Our financial obligations to
At 31 March 2024 (4.6) 2,539.6 134.1 20.7 2,689.8
make payments to Riverlinx Limited
commenced when the tunnel opened
in April 2025, initially at £65m annually
and indexed until the expiry date of the
agreement in January 2050.

--- Page 165 ---
165 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
13. Property, plant and equipment
(continued)
i) Corporation PFI assets k) Corporation office buildings and other
The net book value above includes the following infrastructure assets held at valuation
amounts in respect of PFI assets: The existing use value of owner-occupied
office buildings at 31 March 2025 has been
arrived at on the basis of a valuation carried
Infrastructure out at that date by CBRE, a real-estate
and office Plant and advisory business not connected with the
buildings equipment Total
Group, and by chartered surveyors working
£m £m £m
for TfL. In determining the existing use
Gross cost 209.1 16.7 225.8 value, the capitalisation of net income
method and the discounting of future cash
Accumulated depreciation (106.6) (16.7) (123.3)
flows to their present value has been used.
Net book value at 31 March 2025 102.5 - 102.5
This is based upon various assumptions
Net book value at 31 March 2024 105.0 - 105.0 including anticipated future rental income,
maintenance costs and the appropriate
discount rate, making reference to market
evidence of transaction prices for similar
See Note 28 for the details of the associated PFI finance lease liabilities. properties. A deduction is made to reflect
purchaser’s acquisition costs.
Properties are valued in accordance
j) Depreciation charge with the Red Book, RICS Valuation –
The total depreciation charge for the Corporation for the year comprised: Global Standards published by the Royal
Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m
Depreciation of owned assets 171.8 160.7
Depreciation of assets held under PFI arrangements 2.5 2.5
Total depreciation 4 174.3 163.2

--- Page 166 ---
166 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
14. Right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities
This note provides information for leases where the
Group and/or Corporation is a lessee. For leases where
the Group and/or Corporation is a lessor, see Note 20.
a) Group right-of-use assets at 31 March 2025 b) Group right-of-use assets at 31 March 2024
comprised the following elements: comprised the following elements:
Infrastructure Infrastructure
and office Rolling Motor Other and office Rolling Motor Other
buildings stock Buses vehicles equipment Total buildings stock Buses vehicles equipment Total
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m Element Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Cost or valuation Cost or valuation
At 1 April 2024 611.7 1,404.6 1,617.8 15.1 156.5 3,805.7 At 1 April 2023 598.3 1,395.5 1,342.0 14.3 118.6 3,468.7
Additions - - 414.3 4.6 0.1 419.0 Additions 28.6 10.0 279.2 0.8 39.5 358.1
Lease terminations - - (49.3) - (4.2) (53.5) Lease terminations (15.2) - (3.4) - (1.6) (20.2)
Valuation adjustment - 0.1 - - - 0.1 Valuation adjustment - (0.9) - - - (0.9)
At 31 March 2025 611.7 1,404.7 1,982.8 19.7 152.4 4,171.3 At 31 March 2024 611.7 1,404.6 1,617.8 15.1 156.5 3,805.7
Amortisation Amortisation
At 1 April 2024 189.7 476.5 1,071.5 12.8 84.8 1,835.3 At 1 April 2023 156.2 412.6 865.6 10.8 69.0 1,514.2
Charge for the year 4 36.0 64.2 211.5 2.0 12.1 325.8 Charge for the year 4 40.1 63.9 207.9 2.0 16.7 330.6
Disposals - - (29.1) - (4.2) (33.3) Disposals (6.6) - (2.0) - (0.9) (9.5)
At 31 March 2025 225.7 540.7 1,253.9 14.8 92.7 2,127.8 At 31 March 2024 189.7 476.5 1,071.5 12.8 84.8 1,835.3
Net book value at 31 March 2025 386.0 864.0 728.9 4.9 59.7 2,043.5
Net book value at 31 March 2024 422.0 928.1 546.3 2.3 71.7 1,970.4

--- Page 167 ---
167 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
14. Right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities
(continued)
c) Group lease liabilities in relation to right-of-use assets e) Analysis of amounts included in the Group
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m
Principal outstanding
Amortisation of right-of-use assets 4 325.8 330.6
Short-term liabilities 273.1 275.4
Interest payable on right-of-use lease liabilities
Long-term liabilities 2,146.2 2,029.2
(before impact of interest rate hedges) 114.7 117.5
2,419.3 2,304.6
Expense relating to short-term leases (included in gross expenditure) 0.1 0.1
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets that are not shown
above as short-term leases (included in gross expenditure) 0.1 0.1
Income from sub-leasing right-of-use assets (included in gross
d) Group maturity analysis of right-of-use lease liabilities
service income) 13.4 13.4
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
Contractual undiscounted payments due in:
Not later than one year 378.5 372.7
Later than one year but not later than two years 337.4 300.7
Later than two years but not later than five years 806.5 690.5
Later than five years 2,023.2 2,164.7
3,545.6 3,528.6
Less:
Present value discount (1,126.3) (1,224.2)
Present value of minimum lease payments 2,419.3 2,304.4

--- Page 168 ---
168 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
14. Right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities
(continued)
f) Analysis of amounts included in the h) Future cash flows to which the i) Corporation right-of-use assets at 31 March 2025
Statement of Cash Flows lessee is potentially exposed that are/ comprised the following elements:
The total cash outflow in the Group are not reflected in the measurement of
in respect of leases was £402.1m lease liabilities
Infrastructure
(2023/24 £414.2m). Variable lease payments
and office Other
Most of the Group’s infrastructure buildings equipment Total
g) The Group’s leasing activities and how and office buildings have variable lease Element Note £m £m £m
these are accounted for payments linked to a consumer price index.
Cost or valuation
As a lessee, the Group leases various Rolling stock contracts have variable lease
At 1 April 2024 437.7 19.1 456.8
infrastructure and office buildings, rolling payments interest linked to a floating
stock, buses, motor vehicles and other rate. When there is a change in cash At 31 March 2025 437.7 19.1 456.8
equipment. Lease terms are negotiated on flows because of the change in consumer
Amortisation
an individual basis and contain a wide range price index or change in floating rate,
of different terms and conditions. The lease then the lease liability is re-measured to At 1 April 2024 121.1 16.3 137.4
agreements do not impose any covenants reflect those revised lease payments and
Charge for the year 4 25.6 1.5 27.1
other than the security interests in the corresponding adjustments are made to the
leased assets that are held by the lessor. right-of-use asset. At 31 March 2025 146.7 17.8 164.5
Leased assets may not be used as security
Net book value at 31 March 2025 291.0 1.3 292.3
for borrowing purposes. Extension and termination options
Net book value at 31 March 2024 316.6 2.8 319.4
Some of the Group’s lease contracts have
The accounting for these leases is described extension and termination options. These
within the Accounting Policies, note ab). options and related payments are only
included when the Group is reasonably
certain that it will exercise these options.
At the date of these financial statements,
there are no facts and circumstances that
create an economic incentive for the Group
to extend or terminate the lease.

--- Page 169 ---
169 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
14. Right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities
(continued)
j) Corporation right-of-use assets at 31 March 2024 l) Corporation maturity analysis of right-of-use lease liabilities
comprised the following elements:
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
Infrastructure
and office Other
Contractual undiscounted payments due in:
buildings equipment Total
Element Note £m £m £m Not later than one year 33.1 35.0
Cost or valuation Later than one year but not later than two years 32.5 34.3
At 1 April 2023 434.4 19.1 453.5 Later than two years but not later than five years 91.0 99.0
Additions 12.2 - 12.2 Later than five years 229.5 256.2
Disposals (8.9) - (8.9) 386.1 424.5
At 31 March 2024 437.7 19.1 456.8 Less:
Amortisation Present value discount (62.0) (74.8)
At 1 April 2023 100.8 12.9 113.7 Present value of minimum lease payments 324.1 349.7
Charge for the year 4 25.7 3.4 29.1
Disposals (5.4) - (5.4)
At 31 March 2024 121.1 16.3 137.4 m) Analysis of amounts included in the Corporation
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement
Net book value at 31 March 2024 316.6 2.8 319.4
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m
Amortisation of right-of-use assets 4 27.1 29.1
k) Corporation lease liabilities in relation to right-of-use assets
Interest payable on right-of-use lease liabilities 9.4 10.3
2025 2024 Income from sub-leasing right-of-use assets (included in gross
At 31 March £m £m service income) 1.8 1.8
Principal outstanding
Short-term liabilities 25.6 25.6
Long-term liabilities 298.5 324.1
324.1 349.7

--- Page 170 ---
170 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
14. Right-of-use assets and related 15. Operating leases – as a lessor
lease liabilities
(continued)
n) Analysis of amounts included in the Extension and termination options Operating leases – The Group and Corporation as lessor
Corporation Statement of Cash Flows Some of the Corporation’s lease contracts The Group and Corporation lease out commercial, retail and office
The total cash outflow in the Corporation have extension and termination options. property, and land that they hold as a result of their infrastructure
in respect of leases in 2024/25 was £35.0m These options and related payments are holdings. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a
(2023/24 £37.3m). only included when the Corporation is wide range of different terms and conditions.
reasonably certain that it will exercise
o) The Corporation’s leasing activities these options. At the date of these At the Balance Sheet date, the Group and Corporation had contracted
and how these are accounted for financial statements, there are no facts and with customers for the following future minimum lease payments:
As a lessee, the Corporation leases various circumstances that create an economic
office buildings. Lease terms are negotiated incentive for the Corporation to extend or
on an individual basis and contain a wide terminate the lease.
Group Corporation
range of different terms and conditions.
Land and buildings £m £m
The lease agreements do not impose any Leases not yet commenced to which the
covenants other than the security interests Corporation as a lessee is committed At 31 March 2025
in the leased assets that are held by the As at 31 March 2025 the Corporation is not
Within one year 67.6 3.7
lessor. Leased assets may not be used as party to any lease arrangements to which
security for borrowing purposes. the Corporation as a lessee is committed Between one and two years 60.3 2.6
but for which it has not yet recognised any
Between two and five years 135.2 6.3
The accounting for these leases is described right-of-use asset or liability on the Balance
Later than five years 1,527.6 52.9
within the Accounting Policies, notes r) Sheet (2024 none).
and ab). 1,790.7 65.5
q) Peppercorn leases in the Group
At 31 March 2024
p) Future cash flows to which the and Corporation
lessee is potentially exposed that are/ TfL has a number of leases over property Within one year 63.6 2.7
are not reflected in the measurement of and other transport infrastructure under
Between one and two years 54.0 2.3
lease liabilities. which it pays £nil or peppercorn rents. It
Between two and five years 117.3 0.3
Variable lease payments has undertaken an exercise to assess the
Most of the Corporation’s office buildings fair value of the assets leased under these Later than five years 917.2 45.1
have variable lease payments linked to arrangements and has concluded that they
1,152.1 50.4
a consumer price index. When there is have no material value. No amounts have
a change in cash flows because of the therefore been recorded in these financial
change in consumer price index or change statements in respect of these leases.
in floating rate, then the lease liability is
remeasured to reflect those revised lease
payments and a corresponding adjustment
is made to the right-of-use asset.

--- Page 171 ---
171 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
16. Investment properties
Reconciliation between the fair value of the investment
Group Corporation
property and the book value in the financial statements
Investment properties Note £m £m
Valuation
Group Group
At 1 April 2023 1,574.6 86.9
2025 2024
Additions 88.6 1.0 At 31 March Note £m £m
Fair value of investment property 1,573.4 1,615.1
Transfers to subsidiary undertakings - (41.2)
Add: lease liabilities presented separately 39.9 -
Transfers from assets held for sale 23 51.8 3.0
Less: lease incentives presented separately in receivables (9.7) (6.0)
Transfers from property, plant and equipment 13 16.8 12.5
Book value of investment property 1,603.6 1,609.1
Disposals (8.8) -
Investment property presented as asset held for sale 23 52.8 -
Fair value adjustments 9, 8 (107.9) 55.6
Total 1,656.4 1,609.1
At 31 March 2024 1,615.1 117.8
Additions 53.0 0.6 The property valuations were carried out primarily by CBRE on a Fair Value
basis in accordance with the latest version of the RICS Valuation – Global
Transfers to subsidiary undertakings - (73.5)
Standards, but with a number valued by management, as set out below:
Transfers to assets held for sale 23 (52.8) -
Transfers from property, plant and equipment 13 16.0 0.3
Disposals (89.9) (2.8) Fair value Fair value
2025 2024
Fair value adjustments 8 62.2 15.9
At 31 March £m £m
At 31 March 2025 1,603.6 58.3
Valued by CBRE 1,556.1 1,599.8
Valued by management 17.3 15.3
Total 1,573.4 1,615.1
In order to create a consolidated into a vehicle to deliver homes under the
commercial property portfolio, properties Mayor’s Transport Strategy, and a growing
held for rental income or capital sustainable income stream, as well as to The approach used by management in equivalent yield (EY), estimated rental
appreciation have been identified and facilitate the ability to generate both debt their valuations was to apply an index of values (ERV) and future capital expenditure
transferred into a designated investment and equity to fund capital requirements. property movements obtained from CBRE (Cap Ex). These are considered Level III
portfolio alongside a range of existing to the prior year valuations. Because of the valuations in the IFRS 13 hierarchy.
investment properties. In addition, the low aggregate value of these properties,
creation of new lease structures allowed management consider that this valuation However, residential properties were
the recognition, for the first time, of newly approach is appropriate. valued using a sales comparison approach,
separable investment property assets. where values were based on observed
These properties have been combined The valuation methodology used by sales of similar properties in the same area.
CBRE depend upon the nature of the Observed sales values on a per square
property. The majority of properties are foot basis are adjusted judgementally to
income producing assets were valued reflect the size, quality and location of the
using an income capitalisation (‘income properties owned. These are considered
cap’) approach, where the key inputs were Level III valuations in the IFRS 13 hierarchy.

--- Page 172 ---
172 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
16. Investment properties
(continued)
Development properties were valued using a residual appraisal, where in
addition to the inputs used to value income-producing assets, a deduction
is also made for developer profit (DP). Noting also that more weight is
placed on the future capital expenditure estimates that in this case will
include a wider range of costs due to the nature of development properties.
These are considered Level III valuations in the IFRS 13 hierarchy.
The key unobservable inputs into these valuations
The split of the valuation is set out below: can be summarised as follows:
2025 2024 EY range ERV range Cap Ex range DP range
At 31 March Valuation approach £m £m At 31 March 2025 % £psqft £psqft %
Arches Income cap 186.0 147.1 Retail 3.00-10.00 14-585 0-700 -
Bus garage Income cap 97.9 95.5 Office 3.00-10.00 30-75 0-593 -
Car parks Income cap 182.9 162.5 Leased car parks 3.50-10.00 - 0-44 -
Development Residual appraisal 33.3 124.4 Bus stations 3.50-7.00 5-8 0-31 -
Industrial Income cap 44.9 50.0 Industrial and arches 4.00-8.50 1-46 0-229 -
Office Income cap 265.9 258.8 Other properties 3.50-10.00 1-40 0-68 -
Other Income cap 97.0 103.5 Development properties 5.00-5.50 30-57.50 260-350 18.50-20.00
Residential Sale comparison 58.5 57.5
Retail Income cap 637.2 615.8
Total 1,603.6 1,615.1
EY range ERV range Cap Ex range DP range
At 31 March 2024 % £psqft £psqft %
Retail 4.50-10.00 4-585 0-600 -
Included in the amounts above are certain property interests that represent
Office 2.90-9.50 9-75 0-633 -
a reversionary interest in property, ground rent assets or an interest in
Leased car parks 3.50-9.50 - 0-66 -
property of a similar substance (‘ground rent assets’). Breakdown as follows:
Bus stations 3.50-7.00 5-8 0-31 -
Industrial and arches 4.00-8.50 1-41 0-447 -
2025 2024
Other properties 3.50-15.00 2-33 0-192 -
At 31 March £m £m
Development properties 5.25-5.50 30-57.50 260-350 18.50-20.00
Office 151.6 152.3
Retail 121.3 121.5
Other 20.5 21.4
Residential 7.7 7.7
Total ground rent assets 301.1 302.9
Non-ground rent assets 1,302.5 1,312.2
Total 1,603.6 1,615.1

--- Page 173 ---
173 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
16. Investment properties 17. Investments in subsidiaries
(continued)
Valuation hierarchy There are interrelationships between the
The valuations are considered Level 3. unobservable inputs which are partially Corporation Corporation
2025 2024
There were no transfers between the determined by market conditions, but with
Cost £m £m
hierarchies in either year presented. all other factors being equal:
At 1 April 13,062.5 13,062.5
Sensitivities • A higher equivalent yield would lead to a
Investments in year - -
Information about the impact of changes in decrease in the valuation
unobservable inputs on the fair value of the At 31 March 13,062.5 13,062.5
investment property portfolio is set out in • An increase in the estimated rental value
the table below. would increase the valuation
The most significant inputs in all the A higher developer profit would lead to a During the year, the Corporation did not increase its investment
investment valuations except residential decrease in the valuation, but only applies in ordinary share capital. In the prior year, the Corporation did not
are the passing rent, the equivalent yield to development property, and changes increase its investment in ordinary share capital.
and the estimated rental value. would not be considered significant, so are
not modelled below. The Group holds 100 per cent of the share capital of all
subsidiaries. All companies listed in the table below, with the
exception of London Transport Insurance (Guernsey) Limited, are
registered in England and Wales; their financial statements are
2025 2024
lodged at Companies House and also at the Charity Commission
At 31 March £m £m
for London Transport Museum Limited. London Transport
50bps increase in equivalent yield (151.4) (88.2) Insurance (Guernsey) Limited is registered in Guernsey.
50bps decrease in equivalent yield 126.5 124.5
10% increase in estimated rental values 84.5 87.2
10% decrease in estimated rental values (134.4) (87.2)
Other disclosures
Total rental income recognised in year is set out in
Note 1. This includes variable rental income of £5.0m
(2023/24 £2.9m).
Details of lease arrangements with tenants in investment
property and future contract minimum lease payments is
set out in Note 15.
Operating expenditure recognised for the year associated
with the investment properties totalled £47.6m for the
Group (2023/24 £35.4m).

--- Page 174 ---
174 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
17. Investments in subsidiaries
(continued)
The Group’s subsidiaries are:
Subsidiaries Principal activity Subsidiaries Principal activity
City Airport Rail Enterprises Limited Dormant company Transport for London Finance Limited Manages financial risk of the Group
Crossrail Limited Construction of Crossrail infrastructure Transport Trading Limited Holding company
Crossrail 2 Limited Dormant company TTL Blackhorse Road Properties Limited Holding company
Docklands Light Railway Limited Passenger transport by rail TTL Build to Rent Limited Holding company
London Bus Services Limited Passenger transport by bus TTL Earls Court Properties Limited Holding company
London Buses Limited Dial-a-Ride services TTL Electric Vehicle Charging Limited* Holding company
London Dial-a-Ride Limited Dormant company TTL High Barnet Properties Limited** Dormant company
London River Services Limited Pier operator TTL Kidbrooke Properties Limited Holding company
London Transport Insurance (Guernsey) Limited Insurance TTL Landmark Court Properties Limited Holding company
London Transport Museum Limited Charitable company TTL Office Properties Limited Holding company
London Transport Museum (Trading) Limited Trading company TTL South Kensington Properties Limited Property investment
London Underground Limited Passenger transport by underground train TTL Southwark Properties Limited Dormant company
LUL Nominee BCV Limited Dormant company TTL Wembley Park Properties Limited Holding company
LUL Nominee SSL Limited Dormant company TTL West London Properties Limited Holding company
Places for London Limited Property investment and development Tube Lines Limited Maintenance of underground lines
Rail for London Limited Passenger transport by rail Tube Lines Pension Scheme Trustees Limited Pension Fund Trustee
Rail for London (Infrastructure) Limited Infrastructure manager for the Crossrail Victoria Coach Station Limited Coach station
Central Operating Section
Woolwich Arsenal Rail Enterprises Limited Dormant company
TfL Trustee Company Limited Pension Fund Trustee
Tramtrack Croydon Limited Passenger transport by light rail
* Incorporated during the year
** TTL Northwood Properties Limited changed its name to
TTL High Barnet Properties Limited on 4 October 2024

--- Page 175 ---
175 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
18. Investment in joint ventures
Summary of the movement for the year for the investments in joint ventures Group’s share of profit/(loss) for the year ended 31 March
Group Group Group
£m 2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
At 1 April 2023 79.9
Connected Living London (BTR) Limited - (0.1)
Additions 2.3
Kidbrooke Partnership LLP 1.8 -
Share of profit after taxation 0.1
Blackhorse Road Properties LLP - 0.6
Distributions and dividends (3.5)
Landmark Court Partnership Limited - (2.3)
At 31 March 2024 78.8
Wembley Park Properties LLP 0.9 1.9
Additions 70.1
Platinum Holdco Limited (2.3) -
Share of profit after taxation 0.3
Bollo Lane LLP (0.1) -
Distributions and dividends (10.6)
Fast Places Limited - -
At 31 March 2025 138.6
Total 0.3 0.1
Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in joint ventures at 31 March
Commitments
The aggregate commitments to the joint ventures for which are
Group Group
contracted for but not provided as of 31 March 2025 is £55.4m.
2025 2024
At 31 March Note £m £m
Connected Living London (BTR) Limited a 46.5 45.1
Kidbrooke Partnership LLP b 9.3 18.2
Blackhorse Road Properties LLP c - 0.3
Landmark Court Partnership Limited d - -
Wembley Park Properties LLP e 14.8 13.8
Platinum Holdco Limited f 47.9 1.4
Bollo Lane LLP g 19.3 -
Fast Places Limited h 0.9 -
Total 138.6 78.8

--- Page 176 ---
176 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
18. Investment in joint ventures
(continued)
a) Connected Living London (BTR) Limited c) Blackhorse Road Properties LLP e) Wembley Park Properties LLP g) Bollo Lane LLP
In 2019/20, the Group via its subsidiary, TTL In 2019/20 the Group acquired a 49 per In 2022/23 the Group acquired a 49 per In 2024/25, the Group via its subsidiary, TTL
Build to Rent Limited, acquired a 49 per cent holding in the members’ interest cent holding in the members’ interest West London Properties Limited, acquired
cent interest in a joint arrangement called of Blackhorse Road Properties LLP (BRP of Wembley Park Properties LLP (WPP a 49 per cent interest in a joint arrangement
Connected Living London (BTR) Limited LLP), for a cash consideration of £11.3m. LLP), for a cash consideration of £12m. called Bollo Lane LLP, which was set
(CLL), which was set up as a partnership The investment was purchased through a The investment was purchased through up as a partnership together with BDW
together with Grainger Plc, to fund the subsidiary of the Group, TTL Blackhorse a subsidiary of the Group, TTL Wembley Trading Limited, to fund the development
development of a major build-to-rent Road Properties Limited. The registered Park Properties Limited. The registered of the site to construct 650 new homes,
portfolio across London. The registered office address of BRP LLP is Barratt House office address of WPP LLP is Barratt House comprising 485,630 square feet of
office address of CLL is Citygate, St James Cartwright Way, Forest Business Park, Cartwright Way, Forest Business Park, residential floorspace, of which 50 per
Boulevard, Newcastle Upon Tyne, Tyne and Bardon Hill, Coalville, Leicestershire, United Bardon Hill, Coalville, Leicestershire, United cent is classified as affordable housing.
Wear, United Kingdom, NE1 4JE. Kingdom, LE67 1UF. Kingdom, LE67 1UF. The registered office address of Bollo
Lane LLP is Barratt House Cartwright Way,
During 2024/25 the Group invested a further During 2019/20, the Group granted a 999- During 2022/23, the Group granted a Forest Business Park, Bardon Hill, Coalville,
£1.4m in the equity of CLL (2023/24 £1.1m). year lease over land at Blackhorse Road to 999-year lease over land at Wembley Leicestershire, United Kingdom, LE67 1UF.
BRP LLP for a consideration of £15.9m. Park station car park to WPP LLP for a
b) Kidbrooke Partnership LLP consideration of £16.25m. During 2024/25, the Group invested
The Group, through its subsidiary, TTL d) Landmark Court Partnership Limited £19.5m (2023/24 £nil) in the equity of Bollo
Kidbrooke Properties Limited, holds a 49 In 2021/22 the Group acquired a 49 per f) Platinum Holdco Limited Lane LLP.
per cent holding in the members’ interest cent holding in the members’ interest of In 2023/24, the Group via its subsidiary, TTL
of Kidbrooke Partnership LLP (KP LLP), a Landmark Court Partnership Limited (LCP Office Properties Limited, acquired a 49 per h) Fast Places Limited
property development patnership. The Limited), for a cash consideration of £1. cent interest in a joint arrangement called In 2024/25, the Group via its subsidiary, TTL
registered office address of KP LLP is Bruce The investment was purchased through Platinum Holdco Limited, which was set up Electric Vehicle Charging Limited, acquired
Kenrick House, 2 Killick Street, London, a subsidiary of the Group, TTL Landmark as a partnership together with Helical Plc, a 49 per cent interest in a joint arrangement
United Kingdom, N1 9FL. Court Properties Limited. The registered to fund the development of its sustainable called Fast Places Limited, which was set
office address of LCP Limited is 100 Victoria commercial office portfolio across central up as a partnership together with Fastned
KP LLP has a 299-year lease over the land Street, London, England, SW1E 5JL. London. The registered office address of UK Limited (‘Fastned’), to build a leading,
lying to the south east of Kidbrooke Park Platinum Holdco Limited is 22 Ganton scalable EV charging network by combining
Road and is developing the site as a mixed- During 2021/22, the Group granted a 299- Street, London, United Kingdom, W1F 7FD. Fastned’s operational expertise with access
use development incorporating affordable year lease over land at Liberty, Southwark to Places for London’s prime land portfolio.
housing. The financial year end of KP LLP is site, at 15-33 Southwark Street to LCP During 2024/25, the Group invested £48.4m The registered office address of Fast Places
31 March. Limited for a consideration of £41.8m. (2023/24 £1.47m) in the equity of Platinum Limited is 3 Bath Place, London, United
Holdco Limited. Kingdom, EC2A 3DR.
During 2024/25 the Group had no additional
investment in the equity of KP LLP During 2024/25, the Group invested
(2023/24 £nil). £0.9m (2023/24 £nil) in the equity of Fast
Places Limited.

--- Page 177 ---
177 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
18. Investment in joint ventures
(continued)
The tables below provide summarised financial information of the
Group’s joint ventures. The information disclosed reconciles the amounts
presented in the financial statements of the respective joint ventures with
the Group’s share of those amounts. The financial information below is as
of 31 March unless otherwise stated.
Joint ventures’ summary Balance Sheet at 31 March 2025
Connected Landmark Court
Living London Kidbrooke Blackhorse Road Partnership Wembley Park Fast Places
(BTR) Limited Partnership LLP Properties LLP Limited Properties LLP Platinum Holdco Bollo Lane LLP Limited Total
At 31 March 2025 £m £m £m £m £m Limited £m £m £m £m
Long-term assets
Investment property under construction 94.4 - - - - 89.5 - 0.3 184.2
Current assets
Cash 0.9 7.5 1.2 - 2.9 2.8 3.0 1.7 20.0
Inventories - 11.9 - - 53.2 8.9 33.1 - 107.1
Other short-term assets - 1.2 0.1 1.3 - 4.0 5.5 - 12.1
0.9 20.6 1.3 1.3 56.1 15.7 41.6 1.7 139.2
Current liabilities
Other short-term liabilities (0.4) (1.6) (1.2) (1.3) (25.9) (9.0) (2.2) (0.3) (41.9)
Long-term liabilities
Long-term loans - - - - - 1.1 - - 1.1
Net assets at 100% 94.9 19.0 0.1 - 30.2 97.3 39.4 1.7 282.6
Percentage held by the Group 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49%
Share of net assets attributable to the Group 46.5 9.3 - - 14.8 47.9 19.3 0.8 138.6

--- Page 178 ---
178 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
18. Investment in joint ventures
(continued)
The tables below provide summarised financial information of the
Group’s joint ventures. The information disclosed reconciles the amounts
presented in the financial statements of the respective joint ventures with
the Group’s share of those amounts. The financial information below is as
of 31 March unless otherwise stated.
Joint ventures’ summary Balance Sheet at 31 March 2024
Connected Landmark Court
Living London Kidbrooke Blackhorse Road Partnership Wembley Park Fast Places
(BTR) Limited Partnership LLP Properties LLP* Limited Properties LLP Platinum Holdco Bollo Lane LLP Limited Total
At 31 March 2024 £m £m £m £m £m Limited £m £m £m £m
Long-term assets
Investment property under construction 89.3 37.7 - - - - - - 127.0
Current assets
Cash 5.2 7.6 2.3 - 5.4 0.8 - - 21.3
Inventories - - - - 33.0 - - - 33.0
Other short-term assets - 0.1 0.1 12.0 - 3.4 - - 15.6
5.2 7.7 2.4 12.0 38.4 4.2 - - 69.9
Current liabilities
Other short-term liabilities (2.2) (8.0) (1.6) (11.9) (10.1) (1.2) - - (35.0)
Net assets at 100% 92.3 37.4 0.8 0.1 28.3 3.0 - - 161.9
Percentage held by the Group 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49%
Share of net assets attributable to the Group 45.1 18.2 0.3 - 13.8 1.4 - - 78.8
* Financial information is as of 28 February 2024

--- Page 179 ---
179 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
18. Investment in joint ventures
(continued)
Joint ventures’ summary Income Statement
Connected Landmark Court
Living London Kidbrooke Blackhorse Road Partnership Wembley Park Fast Places
(BTR) Limited Partnership LLP Properties LLP Limited Properties LLP Platinum Holdco Bollo Lane LLP Limited Total
Year ended 31 March 2025 £m £m £m £m £m Limited £m £m £m £m
Revenue - 3.4 - 8.8 18.2 - - - 30.4
Costs - - - (8.8) (15.5) - - - (24.3)
Administrative expenses (0.3) - (0.2) - (0.4) (0.1) (0.3) - (1.3)
Revaluation of investment property - - - - - (4.4) - - (4.4)
Net interests 0.2 0.3 0.1 - (0.5) - - - 0.1
Profit/(loss) before taxation (0.1) 3.7 (0.1) - 1.8 (4.5) (0.3) - 0.5
Taxation - - - - - - - - -
Profit/(loss) after tax (0.1) 3.7 (0.1) - 1.8 (4.5) (0.3) - 0.5
Other comprehensive income/(loss) - - - - - - - - -
Total comprehensive income/(loss) at 100% (0.1) 3.7 (0.1) - 1.8 (4.5) (0.3) - 0.5
Percentage of interest held by Group 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49%
Share of total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to the Group - 1.8 - - 0.9 (2.3) (0.1) - 0.3
Share of distributions received by the Group - 1.5 0.1 - - - - - 1.6

--- Page 180 ---
180 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
18. Investment in joint ventures
(continued)
Joint ventures’ summary Income Statement (continued)
Connected Landmark Court
Living London Kidbrooke Blackhorse Road Partnership Wembley Park Fast Places
(BTR) Limited Partnership LLP Properties LLP* Limited Properties LLP Platinum Holdco Bollo Lane LLP Limited Total
Year ended 31 March 2024 £m £m £m £m £m Limited £m £m £m £m
Revenue - - 3.7 - 24.9 - - - 28.6
Costs - - (2.5) - (17.6) - - - (20.1)
Administrative expenses (0.2) - - - (3.5) - - - (3.7)
Profit/(loss) before taxation (0.2) - 1.2 - 3.8 - - - 4.8
Taxation - - - - - - - - -
Profit/(loss) after tax (0.2) - 1.2 - 3.8 - - - 4.8
Other comprehensive income/(loss) - - - - - - - - -
Total comprehensive income/(loss) at 100% (0.2) - 1.2 - 3.8 - - - 4.8
Percentage of interest held by Group 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49% 49%
Share of total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to the Group (0.1) - 0.6 (2.3) 1.9 - - - 0.1
Share of distributions received by the Group - - 1.0 - - - - - 1.0
* Financial information is as of 28 February 2024

--- Page 181 ---
181 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
19. Investment in associated undertakings
a) Earls Court Partnership Limited The Group has invested share capital and Group share of comprehensive income and
The Group holds a 37 per cent holding non-interest-bearing loans into ECPL. The expenditure of Earls Court Partnership Limited
in the ownership and voting rights of loan notes are non-interest-bearing and
Earls Court Partnership Limited (ECPL), have no fixed repayment date. They have
Group Group
a property development company therefore been treated in these financial
2025 2024
incorporated in England and Wales. Through statements as an investment in the equity Year ended 31 March £m £m
its voting rights and representation on the of ECPL. As at 31 March 2025 the Group
Revenue 1.5 3.2
Board of Directors of ECPL, the Group had invested £44.4m (2024 £44.4m) in
Loss on fair value of investment property under construction (24.2) (153.3)
has significant influence but not control share capital and a further £446.5m (2024
over the relevant activities of ECPL. The £439.6m) in loan notes. Loss from continuing operations (20.5) (157.6)
Group’s investment is therefore accounted
Other comprehensive income - -
for using the equity method in these Summarised financial information in
consolidated accounts. respect of the Group’s investment in ECPL Total comprehensive expenditure (20.5) (157.6)
is set out below: Percentage interest held by the Group 37% 37%
Group share of:
Balance Sheet of Earls Court Partnership Limited Loss from continuing operations (7.6) (58.3)
at the 100 per cent level Other comprehensive income - -
Total Group share of comprehensive income and expenditure for the year (7.6) (58.3)
Group Group
Share of distribution received by the Group - -
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
Current assets 16.3 18.0
Key valuation assumptions
Investment property under construction 420.9 419.5 The investment property under construction was valued
at 31 March 2025 by CBRE on a market value basis. The key
Current liabilities (8.1) (9.3)
valuation assumptions were as follows:
Long-term liabilities (122.2) (119.2)
Input 2025 2024
Reconciliation of net assets to amounts
included in the consolidated Group accounts Estimated Main development site (residual inputs) Main development site (residual inputs)
rental values on • Residential capital values: • Residential capital values:
vacant space £201-£1,990/sq.ft £265-£1,875/sq. ft
Group Group
• Commercial ERVs: £10-£68/sq. ft • Commercial ERVs: £10-£65/sq. ft
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m Other assets Other assets
• ERVs £10-£45/sq. ft • ERVs £10-£47.50/sq. ft
Net assets at 100% 306.9 309.0
Average Main development site (residual inputs) Main development site (residual inputs)
Percentage held by the TfL Group 37% 37% equivalent yield • Residential: 4.5% • Residential: 4.15%
applied on
Carrying amount of the Group's equity interest in • Commercial: 5.5% to 6.5% • Commercial: 5.5% to 6.5%
vacant space
Earls Court Partnership Limited 113.6 114.3
Other assets Other assets
• 5% to 7% • 5% to 7%

--- Page 182 ---
182 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
19. Investment in associated undertakings
(continued)
ECPL’s long-term liabilities 31 December 2024 contain disclosure of a
Places for London Limited (Places for material uncertainty that may cast doubt
London), a member of the TfL Group, holds over ECPL’s ability to continue as a going
a 37 per cent ownership interest in Earls concern in respect of ECPL’s obligations to
Court Partnership Limited, via its subsidiary Homes England, but also note that Homes
TTL Earls Court Properties Limited. England has no recourse to Places for
London, or any of its subsidiaries, in respect
At 31 March 2025, ECPL had a loan of £122m of this loan.
due to Homes England, which under the
current terms is due to be repaid on 31 In the unlikely event that agreement to
March 2026. ECPL does not currently have extend is not reached with Homes England
sufficient liquid assets to settle this loan – or alternative financing is not obtained
at the repayment date and therefore ECPL – the directors of ECPL have identified
is currently in discussions with Homes certain assets that could be disposed of
England to extend the facility term. as a contingency to raise sufficient funds
within a reasonable timeframe to settle the
While discussions have been positive, no Homes England loan by the maturity date.
formal agreement has yet been reached While this may mean that, because of the
and so ECPL’s directors are concurrently nature of such disposals, the proceeds of
pursuing refinancing options with those assets on disposal could be below
alternative external lenders or further the currently estimated fair value, the
equity from funding partners. The directors directors do not consider any such discount
of Places for London note that the financial would be material to Places for London and
statements of ECPL for the year ended TfL Group.
Places for London is developing its estate across the capital

--- Page 183 ---
183 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
20. Finance lease receivables 21. Inventories
Group finance lease receivables Finance lease receivables on the Balance
The Group leases certain items of plant and Sheet are calculated as the present value Group Group
2025 2024
equipment related to its media activities of minimum lease payments outstanding.
As at 31 March £m £m
and certain property assets under a finance Interest is accrued at a rate of 6.29 per cent
lease arrangement. per annum. Raw materials and consumables 121.6 100.6
Goods held for resale 0.7 0.8
122.3 101.4
2025 2024
As at 31 March £m £m
Principal outstanding
There is no material difference between the
Short-term 2.9 7.1
balance sheet value of Group inventories and
Long-term 19.5 18.2 their net realisable value. The Corporation
had no inventories at 31 March 2025 and as at
22.4 25.3
31 March 2024.
Principal outstanding
The movement on inventories was as follows:
At 1 April 25.3 14.3
Additions 4.0 15.6
Group
Interest 0.9 1.3
£m
Repayments (7.8) (5.9)
Balance at 1 April 2023 78.7
22.4 25.3
Purchases in the year 130.1
Recognised as an expense in the year:
Minimum cash receipts in:
Consumed in the year (105.3)
Not later than one year 3.2 7.2
Goods sold in the year (1.8)
Later than one year but not later than five years 1.6 4.4
Net write-offs in the year (0.3)
Later than five years 56.8 45.8
Balance at 31 March 2024 101.4
61.6 57.4
Purchases in the year 157.6
Less unearned finance income (39.2) (32.1)
Recognised as an expense in the year:
22.4 25.3
Consumed in the year (136.2)
Goods sold in the year (0.2)
Net write-offs in the year (0.3)
Balance at 31 March 2025 122.3

--- Page 184 ---
184 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
22. Debtors
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m At 31 March £m £m
Short-term Short-term
Trade debtors 155.5 179.3 Trade debtors 53.7 52.3
Capital debtors 1.9 9.8 Amounts due from subsidiary companies 167.7 119.4
Other debtors 46.0 31.0 Capital debtors - 0.8
Other tax and social security 80.4 76.7 Other debtors 5.1 4.8
Grant debtors 50.8 177.3 Other tax and social security 14.2 9.3
Interest debtors 7.6 6.3 Grant debtors 48.2 170.7
Contract assets: accrued income 66.2 63.3 Interest debtors 7.3 5.2
Prepayments for goods and services 178.0 64.5 Contract assets: accrued income 27.6 26.2
586.4 608.2 Prepayments for goods and services 30.7 33.7
Long-term 354.5 422.4
Other debtors 28.4 13.0 Long-term
Prepayments for goods and services 8.0 15.9 Loans made to subsidiary companies 12,860.2 12,213.9
36.4 28.9 Other debtors 0.4 0.4
Prepayments for goods and services 6.9 5.9
12,867.5 12,220.2
Trade debtors are non-interest-bearing and Contract asset balances represent accrued
are generally paid within 28 days. income recognised where balances have
not yet been invoiced to the customer.
As at 31 March 2025, £1,274.8m (2024 Upon completion of the terms of Trade debtors are non-interest-bearing and Long-term loans made to subsidiary
£1,195.1m) was recognised as a provision for the contract and agreement with the are generally paid within 28 days. companies are interest-bearing loans,
expected credit losses on trade and other customer/third-party contributor, the primarily representing the pass-down of
debtors (see Note 34). amounts recognised as contract assets are As at 31 March 2025, £1,262.9m (2024 £1,184.1m) external third-party borrowings to the
reclassified to trade debtors. was recognised as a provision for expected subsidiaries that hold the assets which
credit losses on trade debtors (see Note 34). have been funded by that borrowing.
Grant debtors represent grant income These loans accrue market rates of interest
where cash has not yet been received. Contract assets balances represent accrued reflecting rates achieved on debt issued
income recognised where balances have not to third parties by the Corporation. The
yet been invoiced to the customer. Upon average rate of interest accruing on loans
completion of the terms of the contract, outstanding at 31 March 2025 was 3.7 per
the amounts recognised as contract assets cent (2024 3.7 per cent).
are reclassified to trade debtors.

--- Page 185 ---
185 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
23. Assets held for sale 24. Other investments
Group Corporation Group Group
Note £m £m 2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
Balance at 1 April 2023 53.7 3.0
Short-term
Net assets transferred from held for sale to investment property
Investments held at amortised cost 854.8 5.8
Investment properties 16 (51.8) (3.0)
Long-term
Disposals
Investments measured at FVTPL 1.4 1.2
Investment properties (1.9) -
Balance at 31 March 2024 - -
Assets newly classified as held for sale
Investment properties 16 52.8 -
Corporation Corporation
Balance at 31 March 2025 52.8 -
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
Short-term
Investments held at amortised cost 854.3 -
Certain investment properties were reclassified as assets
held for sale as the sale for these properties are expected Long-term
to be completed within 12 months.
Investments measured at FVTPL 0.4 0.2
Short-term investments comprise fixed deposits, UK
treasury bills and other tradeable instruments with a
maturity of greater than three but less than 12 months;
in addition, £854.3m is held as ‘loan contributions’ in the
London Treasury Liquidity Fund (LTLF) LP, which is subject
to same day redemptions.
Long-term investments comprise ‘core commitment’
investment in the LTLF LP.

--- Page 186 ---
186 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
25. Cash and cash equivalents 26. Creditors
a) Group creditors at 31 March comprised:
Group Group
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m Group Group
2025 2024
Cash at bank 149.5 143.8 Group creditors £m m
Cash equivalents with a maturity of less than three months 454.2 1,331.8 Short-term
Cash in hand and in transit 27.4 12.7 Trade creditors 188.9 157.9
631.1 1,488.3 Accrued interest - 184.9
Capital works 493.8 476.6
Retentions on capital contracts 9.3 7.2
Capital grants received in advance 47.0 34.6
Corporation Corporation
2025 2024
Wages and salaries 179.5 249.8
At 31 March £m £m
Other taxation and social security creditors 35.0 71.9
Cash at bank 41.3 24.3
Contract liabilities: receipts in advance for Travelcards, bus passes and Oyster cards 182.8 174.7
Cash equivalents with a maturity of less than three months 412.2 1,269.9
Contract liabilities representing other deferred income 47.9 51.2
453.5 1,294.2
Accruals and other payables 735.4 647.9
1,919.6 2,056.7
Long-term
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash accounts relating to performance
at banks and on hand and short-term highly collaterals and commercial tenant deposits. Capital grants received in advance 3.7 3.2
liquid deposits with an original maturity Management has applied judgement in
Retentions on capital contracts (2.7) (3.5)
of three months or less, that are held for determining the nature of these deposit
Contract liabilities representing other deferred income 26.2 27.6
the purpose of meeting short-term cash arrangements and concluded that the
commitments and are readily convertible criteria for recognition is not met as Deferred income arising from operating leases 109.0 109.7
to a known amount of cash and subject the Group does not have control over
Accruals and other payables 143.7 177.0
to an insignificant risk of changes in value. the economic benefits associated with
Cash and cash equivalents are classified as these funds. Accordingly, these are not 279.9 314.0
financial assets at amortised cost. recognised as assets or liabilities in the
consolidated financial statements.
Cash equivalents comprise fixed deposits,
UK treasury bills, repo and other tradeable At 31 March 2025, the total deposits held in As at 31 March 2025, accrued interest is now presented
instruments. These are classified as segregated accounts amounted to £49.3m as part of short-term borrowings in Note 27.
cash and cash equivalents as they have a (2024 £45.2m).
maturity of less than three months.
The Group holds these funds and disburses
In accordance with contractual them strictly in accordance with the
requirements, the Group holds deposits contractual restrictions. The Group does
from third parties in segregated bank not earn interest on these balances.

--- Page 187 ---
187 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
26. Creditors
(continued)
The performance obligations related to ii. Maintenance income of £3.9m (2024 b) Corporation creditors at 31 March comprised:
deferred income balances recorded as at £4.1m) expected to be released over
31 March 2025, which are expected to be 30 years
Corporation Corporation
met in more than one year, relate to:
2025 2024
iii. Other miscellaneous contracts, together At 31 March £m £m
i. License revenue and funding received totalling £38.8m (2024 £3.2m)
Short-term
from developers for improvements
to bus services, which together total Trade creditors 76.3 78.2
£54.3m (2024 £20.3m), of which, £18.8m
Accrued interest - 184.6
(2024 £19.3m) relates to obligations that
Capital works 101.6 101.5
are to be satisfied within one to three
years, and £1.4m (2024 £0.9m) within Capital grants received in advance 11.0 18.8
three to five years and £34.2m (2024 £nil)
Amounts due to subsidiary companies 106.8 78.6
over five years
Wages and salaries 44.7 50.9
Other taxation and social security creditors 4.1 9.1
Set out below is the amount of revenue recognised
by the Group during the year from: Contract liabilities representing other deferred income 21.9 22.2
Accruals and other payables 156.0 189.9
Group Group
522.4 733.8
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m Long-term
Amounts included in contract liabilities at 1 April 80.6 85.1 Retentions on capital contracts 1.2 0.4
Performance obligations satisfied in previous years - - Contract liabilities representing other deferred income 15.6 15.5
Deferred income arising from operating leases 35.4 109.7
Accruals and other payables - 37.8
52.2 163.4
As at 31 March 2025, accrued interest is now presented as part
of short-term borrowings in Note 27.

--- Page 188 ---
188 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
26. Creditors 27. Borrowings and overdrafts
(continued)
Total long-term contract liabilities balances i. License revenue totalling £43.7m (2024
in the Corporation are broadly consistent £8.2m), of which £9.5m is expected to be Group Group
2025 2025
with the prior year. satisfied within five years (2024 £8.2m)
At 31 March £m £m
and £34.2m (2024 £nil) over five years
At 31 March 2025, the significant balance Short-term
of remaining performance obligations in ii. Maintenance income of £3.9m (2024
Borrowings 2,354.3 864.0
relation to contract liabilities expected £4.1m) is expected to be released over
to be recognised in more than one year, 30 years Long-term
relate to:
Borrowings 11,364.7 12,071.6
iii. Other miscellaneous contracts totalling
£38.8m (2024 £3.2m)
Set out below is the amount of revenue
recognised during the year from: Corporation Corporation
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
Corporation Corporation
Short-term
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m
Borrowings 2,354.3 864.0
Amounts included in contract liabilities at 1 April 92.3 8.9
Long-term
Performance obligations satisfied in previous years - -
Borrowings 11,367.9 12,075.6
As at 31 March 2025, accrued interests We have direct access to the UK Debt
of £121.3m are now presented as part of Management Office via the Public Works
the short-term borrowings. The accrued Loan Board and a £3bn Commercial Paper
interest was previously presented in short- programme in place, with both sources
term creditors in Note 26. utilised throughout the financial year to
manage liquidity requirements. Additionally,
Further information about the maturity we have a £750m loan facility, with the DfT,
and interest rate profiles of the Group ringfenced for the purposes of the Crossrail
and Corporation’s borrowings is provided project, of which we repaid £70m during
in Note 34 (Funding and financial the year.
risk management).

--- Page 189 ---
189 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
27. Borrowings and overdrafts
(continued)
The Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities include The Corporation’s liabilities arising from financing activities
borrowings, right-of-use lease liabilities, PFI liabilities and include borrowings, right-of-use lease liabilities, PFI liabilities
other financing liabilities. and other financing liabilities.
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
£m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 April Balance at 1 April
Short-term 1,175.4 1,014.2 Short-term 905.1 735.0
Long-term 14,256.7 14,324.3 Long-term 12,460.9 12,639.3
15,432.1 15,338.5 13,366.0 13,374.3
Borrowings drawn down 1,381.5 187.5 Borrowings drawn down 1,381.5 187.5
Non-cash increase in other financing liabilities 44.5 - Repayment of borrowings (709.6) (163.9)
Net repayment of other financing liabilities (12.2) (6.5) Repayment of PFI lease liabilities (15.5) (14.3)
Repayment of borrowings (709.6) (163.9) Repayment of right-of-use lease liabilities (25.5) (27.1)
Repayment of PFI liabilities (15.5) (14.3) Non-cash increase in right-of-use-lease liabilities (0.1) 8.7
Repayment of right-of-use lease liabilities (284.4) (296.7) Other movements* 110.7 0.8
Non-cash increase in right-of-use lease liabilities 399.1 385.8 At 31 March 14,107.5 13,366.0
Other movements* 111.5 1.7 Short-term 2,395.3 905.1
At 31 March 16,347.0 15,432.1 Long-term 11,712.2 12,460.9
Short-term 2,679.6 1,175.4 14,107.5 13,366.0
Long-term 13,667.4 14,256.7
16,347.0 15,432.1
* Other movements are non-cash and relate to the
unwind of discounts and fees. The other movements
during the year also includes the accrued interests
which were previously shown in short-term creditors.

--- Page 190 ---
190 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
28. Private finance initiative contracts
Private Finance Initiative contracts The Group therefore recognises PFI
The Group is party to the following PFI assets as items of plant, property and Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
arrangements where the Group controls equipment together with a liability to
At 31 March £m £m £m £m
the use of the infrastructure and the pay for them (see Note 13 for details of
residual interest in the infrastructure PFI assets). The fair values of services Short-term 15.4 15.5 15.4 15.5
at the end of the arrangement. These received under the contract are recorded as
Long-term 45.8 61.2 45.8 61.2
arrangements are treated as service operating expenses.
concession arrangements and, as 61.2 76.7 61.2 76.7
stipulated by the Code, are accounted The unitary charge is apportioned between
for in accordance with IPSAS 32 Service the repayment of the liability, financing
Concession Arrangements – Grantor (IPSAS costs and charges for services. The service
32). IPSAS 32 provided a symmetry with is recognised as an expense in net operating Group and Corporation
IFRIC 12 – Service Concession Arrangements costs and the finance costs are charged to Amounts payable under the PFI arrangements cover
on relevant accounting issues from the financial expenses in the Comprehensive payments for repayment of capital, payments of
grantor’s point of view. Income and Expenditure Statement. interest and payment of service charges. The gross
amount payable breaks down as follows:
Total amount
Contract Contract dates Description
payable
under non-
TfL
Payments cancellable
A13 Thames 2000 to 2030 Design and construction of improvements to the A13 Payments of Repayment for service PFI
Gateway contract infrastructure (including communication and traffic signals interest of capital charges arrangements
systems) and ongoing maintenance and operation of the Period £m £m £m £m
A13 between Butcher Row and Wennington.
At 31 March 2025
The contract requires TfL to make an annual unitary
payment, charged monthly and calculated according to Less than one year 2.7 15.4 31.7 49.8
the service provided by the concession company and the
payment mechanisms defined in the contract. Between one and five years 3.9 45.0 108.5 157.4
Between six and 10 years - 0.8 1.8 2.6
6.6 61.2 142.0 209.8
At 31 March 2024
PFI finance lease liabilities
Less than one year 3.3 15.5 31.4 50.2
Group Group Corporation Corporation Between one and five years 6.3 56.2 118.6 181.1
2025 2024 2025 2024
Between six and 10 years 0.2 5.0 23.4 28.6
PFI finance lease liabilities £m £m £m £m
9.8 76.7 173.4 259.9
At 1 April 76.7 91.0 76.7 91.0
Payments (18.8) (18.3) (18.8) (18.3)
Interest 3.3 4.0 3.3 4.0
At 31 March 61.2 76.7 61.2 76.7

--- Page 191 ---
191 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
29. Other financing liabilities 30. Provisions
Group other financing liabilities at 31 March comprised: a) Group provisions
Group Group At 1 April Payments Charge for Releases in At 31 March
2025 2024 2024 in the year the year the year 2025
Liability £m £m Provision £m £m £m £m £m
Short-term Compensation, contractual and statutory 196.4 (31.0) 62.1 (15.9) 211.6
Deferred capital payments 36.8 20.5 Capital investment activities 40.2 (1.8) - (3.1) 35.3
Long-term Environmental harm 13.3 (5.1) 0.4 (0.5) 8.1
Deferred capital payments 110.7 94.7 Severance and other 36.1 (4.4) 8.3 (9.4) 30.6
286.0 (42.3) 70.8 (28.9) 285.6
Other financing liabilities comprise deferred capital
payments in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and
equipment. Gross payments with a nominal value of £160.6m
2025 2024
(2024 £130.9m) fall due over the period to March 2033. These
At 31 March £m £m
have been discounted back at an effective rate of interest of
2.4 per cent (2024 3.2 per cent) to the present value recorded Due
in the table above.
Short-term 244.5 230.9
Long-term 41.1 55.1
285.6 286.0

--- Page 192 ---
192 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
30. Provisions
(continued)
b) Corporation provisions c) Nature of provisions Capital investment activities
Compensation, contractual and statutory Capital investment activities include
The Group has provisions for expected compulsory purchases, claims in respect
At 1 April Payments Charge for Releases in At 31 March
compensation and contractual claims that of structural damage or diminution in
2024 in the year the year the year 2025
Provision £m £m £m £m £m arise in respect of disputes arising in the value of properties affected by transport
ordinary course of business. The provisions schemes, and other related third-party
Compensation, contractual and statutory 78.0 (21.6) 29.1 (0.6) 84.9
recorded as at 31 March are based on claims. Estimates are made with reference
Capital investment activities 39.6 (1.8) - (2.5) 35.3 management’s best estimate at the Balance to relevant market trends. Compulsory
Sheet date of the likely loss to be incurred Purchase Order provision amounts
Severance and other 24.0 (1.1) 1.0 (8.5) 15.4
through settlement. Reflecting the inherent have been based on the professional
141.6 (24.5) 30.1 (11.6) 135.6
uncertainty with many legal proceedings estimates of lawyers and surveyors of
and claim settlements, the timing and the land acquisition, development value,
amount of the outflows could differ from disturbance, statutory interest and
the amount provided. Based on current professional fees for both sides of the
estimates management expects that these negotiation on a case-by-case basis. Due to
2025 2024
amounts, which are based on known facts the nature of these liabilities and the need
At 31 March £m £m
and take account of past experience for to negotiate settlement amounts, there is
Due similar items, will be settled within the considerable uncertainty regarding when
next one to five years. Where material Compulsory Purchase Order cases will be
Short-term 110.5 107.3
the provision held is discounted to its settled and payments made. At present
Long-term 25.1 34.3 present value. management expects these provisions to
be settled within the next five years.
135.6 141.6
In addition, the Group also recognised
a provision in respect of an ongoing Environmental harm
investigation in relation to a certain Environmental harm relates to potential
statutory requirement. In this case, costs associated with damage to the
the Group has assessed there to be environment as a result of actions taken
a probable outflow of resources and in the past. Management expects this
has made an estimate based on best provision to be settled within the next
information available. five years.
Severance and other
Severance and other provisions include
voluntary severance costs arising from
reorganisations and other smaller claims.
Management expects these provisions to
be settled within the next year.

--- Page 193 ---
193 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
31. Contingencies
There are a number of uncertainties surrounding projects,
including claims in the course of negotiations, which may
affect the Group’s financial performance. Where claims are
possible but not probable, or are unquantifiable, such claims
are treated as contingent liabilities. Contingent liabilities are
monitored to ensure that, where a possible obligation has
become probable or a transfer of economic benefits has
become probable, a provision is made.
32. Derivative financial instruments
Group derivatives in cash flow hedge relationships Group derivatives not in hedge relationships
Notional Notional
Fair value amount Fair value Notional Fair value amount Fair value Notional
2025 2025 2024 amount 2024 2025 2025 2024 amount 2024
At 31 March £m £m £m £m At 31 March £m £m £m £m
Long-term assets Long-term assets
Interest rate swaps 2.4 369.7 28.4 145.5 Foreign currency forward contracts 0.1 3.1 - -
Foreign currency forward contracts 0.2 - 0.2 7.7 0.1 3.1 - -
2.6 369.7 28.6 153.2 Current assets
Current assets Foreign currency forward contracts 1.0 174.3 0.4 54.9
Foreign currency forward contracts 0.4 25.4 0.3 14.3 1.0 174.3 0.4 54.9
0.4 25.4 0.3 14.3 Current liabilities
Current liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts (12.8) 581.8 (0.2) 103.0
Foreign currency forward contracts (10.9) 126.7 (10.6) 149.0 (12.8) 581.8 (0.2) 103.0
(10.9) 126.7 (10.6) 149.0 Long-term liabilities
Long-term liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts (0.2) 3.0 - -
Interest rate swaps (10.0) 645.7 (40.8) 578.0 (0.2) 3.0 - -
Foreign currency forward contracts (3.7) 81.7 (7.8) 192.6
(13.7) 727.4 (48.6) 770.6
The Corporation has not entered into any derivative
financial instrument contracts. Further detail on the Group’s
derivative instruments is set out in Note 34.

--- Page 194 ---
194 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
33. Guarantees
Section 160 of the GLA Act 1999 sets out the The Corporation has given guarantees Other guarantees TfL also acts as a guarantor in respect of
conditions under which the Corporation in respect of some of its subsidiary TfL also guarantees the payments of certain all liabilities under third-party derivative
may give certain guarantees, indemnities companies’ contracts. The amount that of its subsidiaries under a number of other contracts entered into by its subsidiary,
or similar arrangements. Under section could be payable under the guarantees service and construction contracts. It has Transport for London Finance Limited.
161 of the GLA Act 1999 TfL is obliged to (as described below) varies depending on guaranteed amounts owed by London The fair value of net liabilities outstanding
disclose in its Annual Report details of all a number of factors, including, inter alia, Bus Services Limited to the Fuel Cells under derivative contracts at 31 March 2025
guarantees etc. so given. responsibility for the costs arising from and Hydrogen Joint Undertaking under is £33.6m (2024 £30.1m).
an early termination of the underlying a Grant agreement for the 3EMOTION
Financial guarantees contract, which are not known before (Environmentally Friendly, Efficient No arrangements were entered into with
TfL and its subsidiaries have entered into the event. For information only, the Electric Motion) project. It has guaranteed another person under which that person
joint and several guarantees in favour of approximate maximum amounts of debt London Underground Limited’s payment gives a guarantee which TfL has power to
HSBC Bank plc as security for any bank that were envisaged to be drawn by obligations as a tenant in respect of an give under section 160 (4) of the GLA Act
indebtedness outstanding from time to the counterparty at the signing of the operating lease for the Stratford City and no indemnities associated with the
time. TfL has also separately guaranteed agreements are disclosed below. For the Business District. It has guaranteed the guarantees were given by virtue of section
any liabilities owing to HSBC Bank plc by its avoidance of doubt, these amounts do payment obligations of Docklands Light 160 (5) of the GLA Act.
subsidiary, Crossrail Limited. not represent the amounts that could be Railway Limited and Keolis Amey Docklands
payable by TfL under the guarantees but Limited (the DLR Franchisee) to the DLR The majority of guarantees granted by
are shown here to give an indication of the Pension Scheme. It has guaranteed Rail TfL are in respect of the obligations of
relative size of each contract. for London Limited’s payment obligations its subsidiaries. These obligations are, in
under the Class 345 Rolling Stock and any case, recorded as liabilities on the
Depot Service Provision Agreement. Group Balance Sheet. The probability of
any amounts becoming payable by the
Estimated maximum debt drawn by Unlike the agreements listed in the financial Corporation under the above guarantees
counterparty at start of contract
guarantees above, these contracts are not and indemnities is considered remote. As at
Guarantee £m
based on an initial amount of debt and so 31 March 2025 the fair value of all financial
Agreement with 345 Rail Leasing Limited 1,050 cannot be quantified in a similar manner. guarantees granted has been recorded as
£nil (2024 £nil).
Agreement with London Rail Leasing Ltd 350
Agreement with Lloyds Bank PLC 109
Agreement with Pittville Leasing Ltd 51
Agreement with Lombard North Central Plc 7

--- Page 195 ---
195 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
Introduction The Group’s principal financial instruments TfL also agrees its maximum annual activities such as property rental or
TfL is a statutory corporation established comprise borrowings, investments, incremental borrowing capacity advertising and amounts due under
under the GLA Act 1999. TfL is funded by derivatives, lease liabilities and receivables, with Government. contractual arrangements from partners or
revenues, grant and prudential borrowing. PFI liabilities and cash and cash equivalents. suppliers. The maximum exposure to credit
The Group’s debt is issued by the statutory These financial instruments are used to Financial risks and risk management risk at the reporting date is the carrying
corporation, Transport for London, in the manage funding and liquidity requirements. The Group is exposed to a number of value disclosed in Note 22.
form of loans from the Public Works Loan Other financial instruments that arise financial risks in the normal course of its
Board, the European Investment Bank directly from the Group’s operations business operations, the key ones being: A significant portion of the financial
and EDC, the GLA (via the Mayor’s Green include trade receivables and payables and assets arising in the Corporation are with
Finance Fund), the NWF (formerly UKIB), other financing liabilities. • Credit risk other Group companies. Per note 33,
Medium Term Notes under the £5bn TfL the Corporation has granted guarantees
Euro Medium Term Note programme, The Group monitors the risk profile of • Market risk in respect of the obligations of its
and short-term Commercial Paper its borrowing, investment and derivative subsidiaries, mitigating credit risk attached
under the £3bn TfL Euro Commercial programmes against approved benchmarks • Liquidity risk to settlement of these intercompany
Paper programme. and provides regular reports to the Chief financial assets.
Finance Officer. Semi-annual reports on Each of these risks is managed
Treasury management overall performance against the approved in accordance with the Group’s Customer credit risk is managed by a
TfL has a Treasury Management Strategy strategy are considered by the Finance comprehensive risk management central credit control function subject
which is required to be updated on at least Committee. Section 49 of the TfL Act process. The TfL Board, through its to TfL’s policy, procedures and control
an annual basis. The Treasury Management 2008 confers upon TfL the powers to Finance Committee, approves and framework. Counterparties are assessed
Strategy for 2024/25 was prepared having use derivative financial instruments monitors the risk management processes, individually for their creditworthiness at
regard to the Local Government Act 2003 for risk management purposes only via including documented treasury policies, the time of entering into contracts and an
and the Local Authorities (Capital Finance qualifying subsidiaries. counterparty limits, and controlling and internal credit rating is assigned.
and Accounting) Regulations 2003 (as reporting structures.
amended), the key recommendations of The Prudential Borrowing regime At each reporting date, the Group applies
the Code of Practice and Cross-Sectoral TfL has the power to borrow as it is treated Credit risk the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring
Guidance Notes for Treasury Management as a local authority for the purposes of Credit risk is managed on a Group-wide expected credit losses. This approach uses
in the Public Services (2021 Edition) (the financial management under the Local basis. Credit risk is the risk of financial loss a lifetime expected loss allowance for
Treasury Management Code) and the Government Act 2003. In accordance with to the Group if a customer or counterparty all trade receivables and contract assets.
Prudential Code for Capital Finance in Local this Act, the Mayor, in consultation with to a financial instrument fails to meet In determining the expected loss rates,
Authorities (2021 Edition) (the Prudential TfL, sets an affordable borrowing limit for contractual obligations. The following trade receivables and contract assets are
Code), both issued by CIPFA, as well as the external debt (including direct borrowing categories comprise the main credit considered together based on shared credit
key recommendations of the Statutory and other long-term liabilities). In setting exposures of the Group: risk characteristics. Historical loss rates
Guidance on Local Authority Investments this limit, the Mayor and TfL are required by over the short to medium term are applied
(2018 Edition) issued by the Ministry regulation to have regard to the Prudential (i) Trade receivables and contract assets to groupings of various customer segments
for Housing, Communities and local Code. In accordance with the Prudential The Group earns the majority of its revenue within trade receivables and contract
Government (the Investment Guidance). Code and Treasury Management Code, the through prepaid fares. Financial assets assets. These rates are adjusted to reflect
The strategy was approved by the TfL TfL Board annually approves a long-term arise from: penalty charges, fare revenues expectations about future credit losses.
Finance Committee (a sub-committee of capital strategy and a set of indicators not earned on a prepaid basis, commercial
the TfL Board) prior to the start of the for prudent and affordable borrowing,
financial year. for estimates of capital expenditure, for
interest rate exposures and the maturity
profile of its borrowing.

--- Page 196 ---
196 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Despite the application of a loss allowance, these balances
remain subject to enforcement activity and recoveries will
be credited against the same line item as the expected credit
loss within operating profit. On that basis, the loss allowance
as at 31 March 2025 was determined as follows for both trade
receivables and contract assets:
Trade debtors and contract assets: Group Trade debtors and contract assets: Corporation
Overdue by Overdue by Overdue by Overdue by
Overdue by between between Overdue by Overdue by between between Overdue by
Not less than 3 and 6 months more than Not less than 3 and 6 months more than
overdue 3 months 6 months and 1 year 1 year Total overdue 3 months 6 months and 1 year 1 year Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At 31 March 2025 At 31 March 2025
Expected credit loss rate 0.1% 65.9% 91.9% 99.2% 100.0% Expected credit loss rate - 72.6% 92.2% 99.0% 100.0%
Estimated total gross carrying Estimated total gross carrying
amount at default 175.2 104.8 112.2 229.6 874.6 1,496.4 amount at default 44.7 93.7 111.1 228.5 866.2 1,344.2
Expected credit Expected credit
loss allowance (0.3) (69.0) (103.1) (227.8) (874.6) (1,274.8) loss allowance - (68.1) (102.4) (226.2) (866.2) (1,262.9)
At 31 March 2024 At 31 March 2024
Expected credit loss rate 0.1% 70.1% 92.7% 98.8% 99.9% Expected credit loss rate - 74.2% 93.2% 99.0% 100.0%
Estimated total gross carrying Estimated total gross carrying
amount at default (restated)* 196.9 113.2 123.2 220.7 783.8 1,437.8 amount at default (restated)* 40.7 105.6 121.7 218.5 776.1 1,262.6
Expected credit Expected credit
loss allowance (0.7) (79.4) (114.2) (218.0) (782.9) (1,195.2) loss allowance - (78.4) (113.4) (216.2) (776.1) (1,184.1)
Finance lease receivables for the Group and Corporation
are not overdue and no allowance has been recognised.
* During the period, the Group updated the presentation
of this Note to exclude other debtors. Consequently, the
prior year comparatives have been restated

--- Page 197 ---
197 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Expected credit loss allowance (ii) Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments, which have
All cash balances are invested in accordance a maturity of less than three months,
with TfL’s Treasury Management Strategy, classified as cash and cash equivalents
Group Corporation Group Corporation
which was developed with regard to the as at 31 March 2025 totalled £1,266.5m
2025 2025 2024 2024
Expected credit loss allowance £m £m £m £m Treasury Management Code and the (2024 £1,269.9m).
Investment Guidance, and which requires
At 1 April 1,195.1 1,184.1 994.7 965.7
a prudent approach to the investment of During the prior year, TfL invested in the
Provision for expected credit losses 479.8 478.5 439.8 451.7 surplus funds with priority given to security London Treasury Liquidity Fund (LTLF) LP.
and liquidity. While the assets of the Fund comprise a
Write offs (400.1) (399.7) (239.4) (233.3)
single pool of assets, investments by the
At 31 March 1,274.8 1,262.9 1,195.1 1,184.1
Throughout 2024/25 investments were limited partners are structured as two
made within limits approved by the components, either core commitments or
Finance Committee. Counterparty limits loan contributions. TfL became a limited
Trade receivables and contract assets are written off when are set according to the assessed risk of partner in July 2023 and made an initial
there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators each counterparty and are linked to the core commitment investment of £0.2m
that there may be no reasonable expectation of recovery credit rating of the institution. Exposures with no further investment to date. The
include, amongst other things, failure of a debtor to engage are monitored against these limits on a core commitment has been recognised at
in a repayment plan or advice from TfL’s legal department. regular basis. fair value and subsequently measured at
TfL has a statutory duty to maximise recovery of charges and FVTPL. In line with the accounting policy
fees, including road user charges. TfL considers the risk of the overall the core commitment is held as long-
portfolio as well as individual investments, term investments due to redemption
seeking to diversify its investments and rules. Starting in 2024/25, TfL made loan
has regard to the exposure to any one contribution investments of £854.3m
counterparty, country, industry, investment into the fund. The loan contributions
type and credit. The investment portfolio have been recognised at fair value and
is allocated across sovereigns, government subsequently measured at amortised
agencies, financial institutions, corporates cost as TfL’s objective is to hold to collect
and money market funds. contractual cash flows and be in receipt
of solely principal plus interest. The
Certain banks hold collateral on TfL’s loan contribution is held as short-term
account to provide security for TfL’s investments.
reverse repurchase agreement investments.
As at 31 March 2025, the fair value of
the collateral held amounted to £nil
(2024 £100m).

--- Page 198 ---
198 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
As at 31 March, principal funds managed centrally on (iii) Derivative financial instruments Market risk
behalf of the Group and placed on deposit by the Counterparty limits are established Market risk is the risk that changes in
Corporation were as follows: and monitored in accordance with TfL’s market prices, such as foreign exchange
policy relating to the use of derivative rates, interest rates and inflation will
investments, which was approved by affect the Group’s income, expenditure
the TfL Finance Committee. The Group or the value of its holdings of financial
Minimum spreads its exposure over a number of instruments. The Group, through its wholly
Credit Rating Weighted
counterparties and has strict policies on owned subsidiary, Transport for London
(S&P/ average
how much exposure can be assigned to Finance Limited, uses derivatives (hedging
Amount Moody’s/ days to
each counterparty. instruments) to reduce exposure to interest
Principal funds £m Fitch) maturity
rate and foreign exchange rate movements
At 31 March 2025
The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (the hedged risks) on existing contracts and
Money market funds 359.2 AAA/AAA/AAA 1 relating to financial derivative instruments highly probable future transactions. The
is noted in the maturity profile of Group does not use derivative financial
Banks (including Gilt-backed repos) 53.0 P-1/A-1/F1 12
derivatives tables within the market risk instruments for speculative purposes.
Subtotal 412.2 2 section of this note. The credit risk with
regard to financial derivative instruments On inception, all interest rate derivatives
London Treasury Liquidity Fund loan contributions 854.3
is limited because TfL has arrangements and foreign currency derivative instruments
Total 1,266.5
in place with each bank wherein, should hedging commercial contracts are
At 31 March 2024 the derivative be in an asset position designated in highly effective hedge
for TfL and the market value reaches a relationships and hedge accounting is
UK Debt Management Office 360.2 P-1/A-1+/F1+ 30
contractually defined threshold, TfL can call applied. If a derivative should no longer
Other Government agencies 141.4 P-1/A-1+/F1+ 35 upon the bank to post collateral in cash or satisfy the hedging criteria in accordance
eligible securities. TfL only envisages using with adopted IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
Money market funds 246.3 AAA/AAA/AAA 1
these rights in the event that the financial (IFRS 9), hedge accounting ceases and
Banks (including Gilt-backed repos) 399.9 P-1/A-1/F1 12 strength of the institution has deteriorated the derivative is fair valued immediately
since the limits were approved. through the Comprehensive Income and
Corporates 122.1 P-1/A-1/F1 43
Expenditure Statement.
Total 1,269.9 20
(iv) Guarantees
The Corporation provides guarantees to The use of derivative instruments can itself
third parties under section 160 of the GLA give rise to credit and market risk. Market
Act, as disclosed in Note 33, which are risk is the possibility that future changes
All of the entity’s cash and investments are considered deemed necessary for the fulfilment of its in interest rates may make a derivative
to have low credit risk; they are highly rated by major policies. The Group’s policy is to recognise more or less valuable. Since the Group uses
rating agencies, have a low risk of default and the financial guarantees at the higher of an derivatives for risk management, market
counterparties have a strong capacity to meet obligations expected credit loss allowance and the risk relating to derivative instruments is
in the near term. While low risk, these remain subject to amount initially recognised as fair value less principally offset by changes in the cash
the impairment requirements of IFRS 9 at each reporting any amortisation that has occurred to date. flows of the transactions being hedged.
date. The identified 12-month expected loss allowance at As at 31 March 2025, the fair value of the
31 March 2025 and as at 31 March 2024 was immaterial. Corporation’s financial guarantees has been
assessed as £nil (2024 £nil).

--- Page 199 ---
199 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
For the years ended 31 March 2025 and the currency gain or loss on retranslation Where funds were received in specific For all existing hedge relationships the
2024 all derivatives in designated cash of the borrowings is offset within net currencies in which the Group expected hedge ratio is 1:1. The economic relationship
flow hedge relationships were assessed as cost of services at the Group level by the to have future exposures, the Treasury of all hedging relationships has been
highly effective and no ineffectiveness was movement in the fair value of the derivative Management Strategy made allowances assessed as effective and the change in
recognised. Accordingly, the full movement instruments. As at 31 March 2025, the Group to place these funds on deposit. This gave value of hedged items has been offset by
in the fair value of those derivatives was held foreign exchange contracts to hedge the Group the flexibility to offer certain the change in value of hedging instruments.
taken to reserves. €349.0m and $593.0m future Euro and US payments in specific foreign currencies
Dollars payments in relation to its Euro where required. It is expected that the hedged purchases
(i) Foreign exchange risk and US Dollar Commercial Paper (2024 will take place in the period to September
During 2024/25, TfL held certain short-term €99.5m and $24.9m). Throughout the year, Effects of hedge accounting – Foreign 2029. Detail on the maturity of these
investments denominated in Euros. These the hedging strategy provided an effective currency hedges in relation to contracts is disclosed later in this note.
foreign currency denominated investments offset of fair value movements due to capital expenditure
were swapped back to GBP through the having foreign currency borrowings. The At 31 March 2025, the Group held forward The Group has no other material financial
use of forward foreign exchange contracts. unrealised exchange net loss was £11.7m as foreign exchange derivative contracts in assets or liabilities denominated in foreign
These contracts were not in formally at 31 March 2025 (2024 £nil). These derivative Euros, Canadian Dollars and Swedish Krona. currencies, and thus has no general
designated hedging relationships for instruments mature in the period to These forward contracts hedge planned translation exposure to gains or losses
accounting purposes, as the currency gain September 2025. foreign currency capital expenditure arising from movements in exchange rates.
or loss on retranslation of the investments payments with a nominal value of £233.9m
is offset within net cost of services at the For 2024/25, the broad policy on managing (2024 £319.5m). At 31 March 2025, these
Group level by the movement in the fair transactional foreign exchange risk arising contracts had a combined net fair value
value of the derivative instruments. As at from contractual obligations with overseas of £(14.1)m (2024 £(17.9)m). The fair value
31 March 2025, the Group no longer held providers was to retain the risk where there of forward contracts was recognised in
foreign exchange contracts to hedge future was a value in doing so, where the exposure equity at 31 March 2025, with the exception
Euro receipts as it no longer held Euro was highly probable and the risk profile of some Euro contracts for which the
investments (2024 Euro receipts in relation highly certain. For exposures not meeting outstanding positions were closed out with
to Euro investments were €66.3m). these criteria, the exchange risk was passed offsetting contracts for a net fair value of
on to the vendor. These exchange rate £0.1m. Hedge accounting was discontinued
During 2024/25, TfL issued Commercial exposures were managed through the use as the set future hedged payments were
Paper denominated in Euros and US Dollars. of forward foreign exchange contracts no longer considered probable, and the fair
These foreign currency denominated whose critical terms are closely aligned to value gain/loss is recognised in the income
borrowings were swapped back to GBP the exposure, such as notional amount, statement. For all other currencies and
through the use of forward foreign expected maturity date and currency. contracts, once hedged purchases occur,
exchange contracts. These contracts Hedge accounting is applied to these the subsequent realised gain or loss will
were not in formally designated hedging derivative instruments. be transferred to fixed asset additions as a
relationships for accounting purposes, as basis adjustment.

--- Page 200 ---
200 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Sensitivity analysis on foreign exchange risk at 31 March (ii) Interest rate risk
The Group is mainly exposed to interest rate risk on its
planned future borrowings. As TfL is required by legislation
Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value
to produce a balanced Budget and also produces a balanced
after a 10% after a 10% after a 10% after a 10%
Business Plan, any uncertainty over the cost of future
increase decrease increase decrease
in GBP in GBP in GBP in GBP borrowing requires funding to be set aside in the Business
Net against against Net against against Plan against that risk rather than being invested in the
nominal other other nominal other other
transport system.
value Fair value currency currency value Fair value currency currency
2025 2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 2024 2024
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m The table below shows the interest rate profile of the Group:
Impact on Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
Interest rate 2025 2024
Net sell
At 31 March (%) £m £m
Euros - - - - (57.2) 0.3 5.4 (6.0)
Variable rate borrowings Floating rates - 463.0
Net buy
Fixed rate borrowings based on final maturity dates
Euros 292.0 (0.2) (26.6) 32.2 85.5 (0.1) (7.9) 9.3
Less than one year 0.758 - 5.460 2,114.8 751.7
USD dollars 458.0 (11.7) (53.0) 38.9 19.8 0.1 (1.7) 2.3
One to five years 0.673 - 5.360 739.2 959.9
Chinese Yuan
Renminbi - - - - - (0.1) - (0.1) Over five years 1.058 - 5.858 10,743.7 10,761.0
n/a (11.9) (79.6) 71.1 n/a 0.2 (4.2) 5.5 13,597.7 12,935.6
Impact on Hedging Reserves
Net buy
In addition to raising borrowings at fixed rates, to achieve
Euros 187.0 (11.8) (28.7) 8.6 296.3 (16.4) (42.4) 15.4
certainty over the cost of planned borrowings, TfL, through
Canadian dollars 33.3 (1.9) (4.8) 1.7 6.0 (0.1) (0.6) 0.5 its wholly owned subsidiary, Transport for London Finance
Limited, can employ derivatives to fix the floating interest
Swedish Krona 13.7 (0.3) (1.5) 1.2 17.3 (1.4) (2.9) 0.4
rates risk of highly probable and existing borrowings.
n/a (14.0) (35.0) 11.5 n/a (17.9) (45.9) 16.3
Transport for London Finance Limited also holds interest rate
Total (liability)/ swaps to fix the floating interest rate risk within committed
asset n/a (25.9) (114.6) 82.6 n/a (17.7) (50.1) 21.8 lease payments for rolling stock. The critical terms of these
derivative instruments are closely aligned to the payment
schedules and hedge accounting is applied.
The Group is also exposed to interest rate risk in respect of
its investments. Investments are made in accordance with
the Treasury Management Strategy, which prioritises security
and liquidity over yield.

--- Page 201 ---
201 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Effects of hedge accounting – For all existing relationships, the hedge (iii) Inflation risk requirements, within the affordable
Interest rate swaps ratio is 1:1. The economic relationship of all The Group has a number of exposures borrowing limit set by the Mayor. Providing
As at 31 March 2025, the Group, through hedging relationships has been assessed as to inflation including staff pay awards, market conditions permit access, the
its wholly owned subsidiary, Transport for effective and the change in value of hedged operating costs and passenger income. The Corporation can raise debt on the capital
London Finance Limited, held 10 float to items has been offset by the change in Group has not entered into any derivative markets through its established £5bn
fixed interest rate swaps at a total notional value of hedging instruments. instrument to manage its exposure to Medium Term Note programme and
value of £1,015.4m (2024 seven interest rate inflation risk. Historically this risk has been £3bn Commercial Paper programme.
swaps at a total notional value of £723.5m). It is expected that the hedged interest partially offset with index-linked revenues Alternatively, and in addition, TfL has direct
payments will take place in the period and index-linked costs creating a natural access to reliable funding from the Public
During the year, three additional interest to January 2039. Details on the maturity hedge within the Group. Works Loan Board and has an arranged
rate swaps were entered into in March 2025, of these contracts are disclosed later in uncommitted £0.1bn overdraft facility
hedging interest rate risk on interest related this note. Liquidity risk and a further £0.1bn uncommitted money
to Commercial Paper borrowings at a total Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will market line facility. Funding facilities
notional value of £300.0m initially. These Sensitivity analysis on interest rate risk not be able to meet its financial obligations are not subject to financial covenants.
new swaps were designated in a hedge (a) Fair value sensitivity analysis for fixed as they fall due. Maintaining sufficient TfL can also secure financing from
relationship with interest on a notional interest instruments cash reserves and having access to a financial institutions.
balance of £300.0m of Commercial Paper All of the Group’s non-derivative financial diverse range of flexible funding sources
now hedged. Also in March 2025, one instruments with fixed rates of interest ensures the Group has sufficient liquidity Debt maturities are diversified over short-,
interest rate swap hedging interest rate are accounted for at amortised cost. to meet its liabilities, in both normal and medium- and long-term horizons that
risk on lease payments was restructured Fluctuations in market interest rates would stressed conditions. broadly equate to the lives of the assets
whereby the swap was terminated and therefore have no impact on the Balance that were funded by this source. This
re-entered into at a new current market Sheet or on net income figures in respect of Liquidity risk is primarily managed by ensures refinancing risk is minimised. The
rate. This swap was designated in a these items. maintaining a minimum level of cash contractual maturities of the Group and
hedge relationship with the original lease reserves of at least 60 days’ worth of Corporation’s borrowing and other financial
payments continuing to be hedged. (b) Fair value sensitivity analysis for forecast annual operating expenditure, liabilities are listed later in this note.
derivative instruments equivalent to approximately £1.3bn.
The net fair value of outstanding interest As at 31 March 2025, the Group holds Due to the active liquidity management and
rate swap contracts at 31 March 2025 interest rate derivative contracts with a The Corporation has access to several mitigations outlined, there is no significant
was a liability of £7.6m (2024 net liability combined notional value of £1,015.4m (2024 external sources of financing, which are risk that TfL will be unable to fund its
of £12.4m). The fair value is recognised £723.5m) which are designated as cash sufficient to meet anticipated funding planned financial commitments.
in equity at 31 March 2025 and will flow hedges.
be transferred to net financing costs
within the Comprehensive Income and An increase/(decrease) of 100 basis points in
Expenditure Statement as the hedged lease interest rates would increase/(decrease) the
and borrowings interest payments occur. fair value of the derivative instruments by
£66.1m/£(89.5)m (2024 £65.4m/£(71.7)m).

--- Page 202 ---
202 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Maturity profile of derivatives
The Group’s foreign currency derivatives have the following maturities:
Average Notional Average Notional
exchange Fair value amount exchange Fair value amount
rate 2025 2025 rate 2024 2024
At 31 March 2025 £m £m 2024 £m £m
Foreign currency
forward contracts
Buy Euro
Less than one year 0.888 (9.7) 421.4 0.898 (9.7) 213.7
Between one and two years 0.896 (1.9) 45.0 0.905 (5.9) 110.2
Between two and five years 0.921 (0.4) 12.5 0.914 (0.9) 55.7
After five years - - - 0.953 (0.1) 2.1
Sell Euro
Less than one year - - - 0.859 0.3 (57.2)
Total Euro 0.899 (12.0) 478.9 0.907 (16.3) 324.5
Buy US Dollars
Less than one year 0.796 (11.6) 458.0 0.787 0.1 19.8
Total US Dollars 0.796 (11.6) 458.0 0.787 0.1 19.8
Buy Canadian Dollars
Less than one year 0.583 (0.8) 11.1 0.589 (0.1) 3.5
Between one and two years 0.586 (0.7) 11.7 0.594 - 2.1
Between two and five years 0.587 (0.5) 10.5 0.593 - 0.4
Total Canadian Dollars 0.585 (2.0) 33.3 0.591 (0.1) 6.0
Buy Swedish Krona
Less than one year 0.081 (0.1) 11.6 0.082 (0.7) 3.0
Between one and two years 0.086 (0.2) 2.0 0.081 (0.5) 12.3
Between two and five years - - - 0.086 (0.2) 2.0
Total Swedish Krona 0.081 (0.3) 13.6 0.082 (1.4) 17.3
Grand total n/a (25.9) 983.8 n/a (17.7) 367.6
We manage our finances to ensure we can offer services for all

--- Page 203 ---
203 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Maturity profile of derivatives (continued)
The Group’s interest rate derivatives have the following maturities:
Average Average Between Between
contracted contracted Less than one and two and More than
fixed Notional fixed Notional one year two years five years five years Total
interest rate Fair value amount interest rate Fair value amount £m £m £m £m £m
2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 2024
Group – at 31 March 2025
At 31 March (%) £m £m (%) £m £m
Derivatives settled gross
Interest rate hedges
Foreign exchange forward contracts:
Between two and five years 3.965 (0.1) 100.0 - - -
Amounts receivable 925.6 66.2 27.4 - 1,019.2
After five years 4.294 (7.5) 915.4 3.942 (12.4) 723.5
Amounts payable (950.8) (70.9) (29.5) - (1,051.2)
Total 4.262 (7.6) 1,015.4 3.942 (12.4) 723.5
Derivatives settled net
Interest rate swaps (0.5) (3.9) (9.3) 8.4 (5.3)
(25.7) (8.6) (11.4) 8.4 (37.3)
TfL was conferred the legal powers to The following tables detail the Group’s
enter into derivatives for the purpose of liquidity analysis for its derivative financial Group – at 31 March 2024
risk mitigation via qualifying subsidiaries. instruments. The tables have been drawn
Derivatives settled gross
The Corporation does not itself have up based on the undiscounted contractual
the legal powers to enter into derivative net cash inflows and outflows on derivative Foreign exchange forward contracts:
transactions. TfL has entered into instruments that settle on a net basis,
Amounts receivable 366.3 133.6 67.3 2.5 569.7
these contracts for the purpose of risk and the undiscounted gross inflows and
management and intends to hold these outflows on those derivatives that require Amounts payable (377.5) (142.7) (70.8) (2.7) (593.7)
contracts to maturity as hedges against the gross settlement. When the amount
Derivatives settled net
underlying transactions. payable or receivable is not fixed, the
Interest rate swaps 6.4 0.5 (10.4) (12.3) (15.8)
amount disclosed has been determined by
reference to the projected interest rates as (4.8) (8.6) (13.9) (12.5) (39.8)
illustrated by the yield curves at the end of
the reporting period.
The total asset or liability due to the At 31 March 2025, the fair value of the
Group as recognised on the Balance Sheet interest rate derivatives was a net liability
is the fair value of the derivatives, as this of £7.6m (2024 £12.4m). The fair value of
represents the cost to terminate. As such forward exchange derivatives was a net
it differs from the total net contractual liability of £25.9m (2024 £17.7m).
payments shown in the table above.

--- Page 204 ---
204 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Contractual maturity of financial liabilities
The following table details the Group and the Corporation’s
remaining contractual maturity for their non-derivative financial
liabilities. The table has been drawn up on the undiscounted cash
flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which
the Group or Corporation can be required to pay and, therefore
differs from the carrying value and the fair value. The table
includes both interest and principal cash flows.
Between Between Between Between
Less than one and two and More than Less than one and two and More than
one year two years five years five years Total one year two years five years five years Total
Non derivative financial liabilities £m £m £m £m £m Non derivative financial liabilities £m £m £m £m £m
Group – as at 31 March 2025 Corporation – as at 31 March 2025
Trade and other creditors 1,641.9 141.0 - - 1,782.9 Trade and other creditors 489.5 1.2 - - 490.7
Borrowings – principal 2,269.4 249.3 912.5 10,221.4 13,652.6 Borrowings – principal 2,269.4 249.3 912.5 10,221.4 13,652.6
Borrowings – interest 423.0 409.7 1,106.9 6,491.6 8,431.2 Borrowings – interest 423.0 409.7 1,106.9 6,491.6 8,431.2
Right-of-use lease liabilities 378.5 337.4 806.5 2,023.2 3,545.6 Right-of-use lease liabilities 33.1 32.5 91.0 229.5 386.1
PFI liabilities 18.1 21.4 27.5 0.8 67.8 PFI lease liabilities 18.1 21.4 27.5 0.8 67.8
Other financing liabilities 23.3 12.7 38.2 38.2 112.4 3,233.1 714.1 2,137.9 16,943.3 23,028.4
4,754.2 1,171.5 2,891.6 18,775.2 27,592.5 Corporation – as at 31 March 2024
Group – as at 31 March 2024 Trade and other creditors 692.8 38.2 - - 731.0
Trade and other creditors 1,796.2 173.5 - - 1,969.7 Borrowings – principal 869.9 595.7 815.9 10,680.0 12,961.5
Borrowings – principal 869.9 595.7 815.9 10,680.0 12,961.5 Borrowings – interest 522.8 435.5 1,171.0 6,487.5 8,616.8
Borrowings – interest 522.8 435.5 1,171.0 6,487.5 8,616.8 Right-of-use lease liabilities 35.0 34.3 99.0 256.2 424.5
Right-of-use lease liabilities 372.7 300.7 690.5 2,164.7 3,528.6 PFI lease liabilities 18.8 18.1 44.4 5.2 86.5
PFI liabilities 18.8 18.1 44.4 5.2 86.5 2,139.3 1,121.8 2,130.3 17,428.9 22,820.3
Other financing liabilities 23.9 13.4 40.1 53.5 130.9
3,604.3 1,536.9 2,761.9 19,390.9 27,294.0

--- Page 205 ---
205 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Fair values i. Forward exchange contracts – based on
In accordance with IFRS 13, the fair values market data and exchange rates at the
of the financial assets and liabilities are balance sheet date
calculated as the amount that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to ii. Interest rate swaps and forward
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction starting interest rate swaps – based on
between market participants at the the net present value of discounted
measurement date. cash flows
The following methods and assumptions • Trade and other creditors – approximates
were used to estimate the fair values: to the carrying amount
• Cash and cash equivalents – approximates • Long-term borrowings – determined
to the carrying amount by calculating the discounted value of
the future cash flows (redemption and
• Short-term investments – approximates interest) using appropriate discount rates,
to the carrying amount because of the based on observable market data, in
short maturity of these instruments effect at the balance sheet date at Level
2 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair value
• Long-term investments – for assets approximates to the carrying amount in
measured at amortised cost, by reference the case of short-term Commercial Paper
to bid prices at the close of business
on the balance sheet date, within Level • Right-of-use lease liabilities –
1 of the fair value hierarchy as defined approximates to the carrying amount
within IFRS 13. For the core commitment
investment in the London Treasury • PFI liabilities – approximates to the
Liquidity Fund LP, which is measured at carrying amount
FVTPL, it is classed as Level 2
• Other financing liabilities – determined
• Trade and other debtors - approximates by calculating the discounted value of
to the carrying amount the future cashflows using appropriate
discount rates, based on observable
• Derivative financial instruments – in market data, in effect at the balance
the absence of quoted market prices, sheet date at Level 2 of the fair
derivatives are valued by using quoted value hierarchy
forward prices for the underlying
commodity/currency and discounted
using quoted interest rates (both as at the
close of business on the balance sheet
date). Hence, derivatives are within Level
2 of the fair value hierarchy as defined
We use our resources to invest in the services that London needs within IFRS 13:

--- Page 206 ---
206 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
The fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities
together with the carrying amounts recorded in the Balance
Sheet are illustrated below:
Carrying value Fair value Carrying value Fair value Carrying value Fair value Carrying value Fair value
2025 2025 2024 2024 2025 2025 2024 2024
At 31 March £m £m £m £m At 31 March £m £m £m £m
Long term Long-term
Financial assets measured at amortised cost Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Finance lease receivables 19.5 19.5 18.2 18.2 Creditors (141.0) (141.0) (173.5) (173.5)
Debtors 28.4 28.4 13.0 13.0 Borrowings (11,364.7) (10,400.4) (12,071.6) (11,957.7)
Financial assets measured at fair value Right-of-use lease liabilities (2,146.2) (2,146.2) (2,029.2) (2,029.2)
Derivative in cash flow hedge relationship 2.6 2.6 28.6 28.6 PFI liabilities (45.8) (45.8) (61.2) (61.2)
Derivatives not in a hedge relationship 0.1 0.1 - - Other financing liabilities (110.7) (101.2) (94.7) (94.7)
Long-term investments 1.4 1.4 1.2 1.2 Financial liabilities measured at fair value
Current Derivatives in a cash flow hedge relationship (13.7) (13.7) (48.6) (48.6)
Financial assets measured at amortised cost Derivatives not in a hedge relationship (0.2) (0.2) - -
Cash and cash equivalents 631.1 631.1 1,488.3 1,488.3 Current
Short-term investments 854.8 854.8 5.8 5.8 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Debtors 408.4 408.4 543.7 543.7 Creditors (1,641.9) (1,641.9) (1,796.2) (1,796.2)
Finance lease receivables 2.9 2.9 7.1 7.1 Borrowings (2,354.3) (2,266.9) (864.0) (903.7)
Financial assets measured at fair value Right-of-use lease liabilities (273.1) (273.1) (275.4) (275.4)
Derivative in cash flow hedge relationship 1.0 1.0 0.3 0.3 PFI liabilities (15.4) (15.4) (15.5) (15.5)
Derivatives not in a hedge relationship 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.4 Other financing liabilities (36.8) (39.0) (20.5) (20.5)
Total financial assets 1,950.6 1,950.6 2,106.6 2,106.6 Financial liabilities measured at fair value
Derivatives in a cash flow hedge relationship (10.9) (10.9) (10.6) (10.6)
Derivatives not in a hedge relationship (12.8) (12.8) (0.2) (0.2)
Total financial liabilities (18,167.5) (17,108.5) (17,461.2) (17,387.0)
Net financial liabilities (16,216.9) (15,157.9) (15,354.6) (15,280.4)

--- Page 207 ---
207 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
The fair values of financial assets and liabilities of the
Corporation determined in accordance with IFRS 13, together
with the carrying amounts recorded in the Balance Sheet are:
Carrying value Fair value Carrying value Fair value
2025 2025 2024 2024
At 31 March £m £m £m £m
Long-term
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Debtors 12,860.6 12,860.6 12,214.4 12,214.4
Financial assets measured at fair value
Long-term investments 0.4 0.4 0.2 0.2
Current
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Cash and cash equivalents 453.5 453.5 1,294.2 1,294.2
Debtors 323.8 323.8 388.7 388.7
Total financial assets 13,638.3 13,638.3 13,897.5 13,897.5
Long-term
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Creditors (1.2) (1.2) (38.2) (38.2)
Borrowings (11,367.9) (10,400.4) (12,075.6) (11,957.7)
Right-of-use lease liabilities (298.5) (298.5) (324.1) (324.1)
PFI liabilities (45.8) (45.8) (61.2) (61.2)
Current
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Creditors (489.5) (489.5) (692.8) (692.8)
Borrowings (2,354.3) (2,266.9) (864.0) (903.7)
Right-of-use lease liabilities (25.6) (25.6) (25.6) (25.6)
PFI liabilities (15.4) (15.4) (15.5) (15.5)
Total financial liabilities (14,598.2) (13,543.3) (14,097.0) (14,018.8)
Net financial (liabilities)/assets (959.9) 95.0 (199.5) (121.3)
Our investment is targeted where London needs it most

--- Page 208 ---
208 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Income, Expense, Gains and Losses – Group
Financial Financial
liabilities Financial liabilities Financial
measured at assets at Financial Financial measured at assets at Financial Financial
amortised amortised assets at Financial liabilities amortised amortised assets at Financial liabilities
cost cost FVOCI assets FVTPL FVTPL Total cost cost FVOCI assets FVTPL FVTPL Total
2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024
At 31 March £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Interest expense 486.6 - - - - 486.6 454.1 - - - - 454.1
Interest on defined benefit pension - - (118.4) - - (118.4) - - (80.4) - - (80.4)
Interest on right of use lease and PFI liabilities 118.0 - - - - 118.0 121.4 - - - - 121.4
Reduction in fair value - - - - - - - - 107.9 - - 107.9
Expected and actual credit losses - 495.9 - - - 495.9 - 445.8 - - - 445.8
Impairment losses - - - - - - (0.5) - - - - (0.5)
Fee expense - - - - - - 55.1 - - - - 55.1
Other financing and investment expenditure (0.4) - - - - (0.4) 6.0 - - - - 6.0
Total expense in deficit/surplus on the
provision of services 604.2 495.9 (118.4) - - 981.7 636.1 445.8 27.5 - - 1,109.4
Interest income - - - (70.2) - (70.2) - - - (64.7) - (64.7)
Finance lease interest (0.4) - - - - (0.4) (0.8) - - - - (0.8)
Other investment income - - - (1.6) - (1.6) - - - (4.5) - (4.5)
Total income in deficit/surplus on the
provision of services (0.4) - - (71.8) - (72.2) (0.8) - - (69.2) - (70.0)
Net loss for the year 603.8 495.9 (118.4) (71.8) - 909.5 635.3 445.8 27.5 (69.2) - 1,039.4

--- Page 209 ---
209 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
34. Funding and financial risk management
(continued)
Income, Expense, Gains and Losses – Corporation
Financial Financial
liabilities Financial liabilities Financial
measured at assets at Financial measured at assets at Financial
amortised amortised assets at Financial amortised amortised assets at Financial
cost cost FVOCI assets FVTPL Total cost cost FVOCI assets FVTPL Total
2025 2025 2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024
At 31 March £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Interest expense 496.1 - - - 496.1 471.1 - - - 471.1
Interest on defined benefit pension - - (118.4) - (118.4) - - (80.4) - (80.4)
Interest on right of use lease and PFI liabilities 12.7 - - - 12.7 14.2 - - - 14.2
Expected and actual credit losses - 478.5 - - 478.5 - 451.9 - - 451.9
Fee expense - - - - - 4.3 - - - 4.3
Other financing and investment expenditure 0.7 - - - 0.7 1.0 - - - 1.0
Total expense in surplus on the provision of services 509.5 478.5 (118.4) - 869.6 490.6 451.9 (80.4) - 862.1
Interest income - (512.4) - - (512.4) - (493.9) - - (493.9)
Other investment income - - - (0.1) (0.1) - - - (1.9) (1.9)
Total income in surplus on the provision of services - (512.4) - (0.1) (512.5) - (493.9) - (1.9) (495.8)
Net loss for the year 509.5 (33.9) (118.4) (0.1) 357.1 490.6 (42.0) (80.4) (1.9) 366.3

--- Page 210 ---
210 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
The majority of the Group’s staff were members of the b) Defined benefit schemes Under the valuation report, the Fund held
Public Sector Section of the TfL Pension Fund. The majority This section deals with those pension a surplus of £3,044m as at 31 March 2024.
of the Group’s remaining staff were members of London funds to which the Group contributes that Assets totalled £14,998m and the defined
Pension Fund Authority Pension Fund, the Principal Civil are accounted for under IAS 19 as defined benefit obligation totalled £11,954m. A
Service Pension Scheme, the Crossrail Shared Cost Section of benefit schemes. revised Schedule of Contributions was
the Railways Pension Scheme (Crossrail Section) or the Tube agreed between the Trustee and the
Lines defined contribution scheme. Public Sector Section of the TfL Pension employers following the formal funding
Fund (TfL Pension Fund) valuation. This set out a future service
The TfL Pension Fund is a final salary contribution rate of 10.5 per cent for the
a) Reconciliation of amounts included in net cost scheme established under trust. The employers (a reduction from 27.3 per cent)
of services and amounts included in staff costs Fund’s Trustee is the TfL Trustee Company and five per cent for members (no change).
Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of
TfL. Under the rules of the Fund, its 18 The underlying assets and defined benefit
Group Group Corporation Corporation
Trustee Directors are nominated in equal obligation of the TfL Pension Fund cover
2025 2024 2025 2024
For the year ended 31 March Note £m £m £m £m numbers by TfL and on behalf of the a number of Group entities and cannot be
Fund’s membership. readily split between each undertaking.
TfL Pension Fund 323.3 290.5 103.3 53.7
No contractual agreement is in place to
Local Government Pension Fund 1.0 0.7 1.0 0.7 Every three years, the TfL Pension Fund allocate the total net obligation between
actuary makes valuations and recommends the member entities. Thus, in accordance
Crossrail Section of the Railways Pension Scheme 0.3 0.5 - -
the level of contributions to be made by with IAS 19, the Corporation, as the
Unfunded schemes 0.3 0.2 0.3 0.2
the participating employers to ensure Scheme sponsor, has recognised the total
Total for schemes accounted for as the long-term solvency of the Fund. The net defined benefit obligation in its own
defined benefit 324.9 291.9 104.6 54.6 latest available valuation of the Fund was individual accounts.
carried out as at 31 March 2024 by the
Principal Civil Service Pension Scheme 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6
Actuary, a partner of consulting actuaries
Other schemes and accrued costs (10.9) 9.3 0.4 3.3 Willis Towers Watson, using the projected
unit method. A revised Schedule of
Less: pension costs capitalised (0.3) (0.5) - -
Contributions was agreed between the
Amounts included in net cost of services 314.3 301.3 105.6 58.5
Trustee and the employers following the
Less: scheme expenses (23.2) (19.9) (23.2) (19.9) formal funding valuation of the Public
Sector Section.
Add: current service costs capitalised 0.3 0.5 - -
Amount included in staff costs 4 291.4 281.9 82.4 38.6

--- Page 211 ---
211 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
(continued)
A separate valuation of the TfL Pension The discounted scheme liabilities have an In June 2023, the UK High Court (Virgin Crossrail Shared Cost Section of
Fund has been prepared, by actuaries at average duration of 14 years. Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees the Railways Pension Scheme
the XPS Pensions Group, for accounting II Limited), ruled that certain historical (Crossrail Section)
purposes on an IAS 19 basis as at 31 London Pension Fund Authority Pension amendments for contracted-out defined Crossrail Limited (CRL) participates in the
March 2024. The assumptions used by Fund (Local Government Pension Fund) benefit schemes where invalid if they were Crossrail Section of the Railways Pension
the actuaries are the best estimates The London Pension Fund Authority not accompanied by the correct actuarial Scheme which is accounted for in these
chosen from a range of possible actuarial Pension Fund is a funded multi-employer confirmation. The judgement has now been financial statements as a defined benefit
assumptions, while the present value of defined benefit scheme, administered by upheld by the Court of Appeal. pension scheme under IAS 19.
the schemes’ defined benefit obligation the London Pension Fund Authority. The
is derived from cash flow projections. Corporation is able to identify its share of The Local Government Pension Scheme is The latest available full actuarial
Due to the timescale covered, neither the the assets and defined benefit obligation a contracted out defined benefit scheme valuation of the Scheme was carried
assumptions nor the cash flow projections of the scheme and this scheme has and amendments have been made during out at 31 December 2022. The report
may necessarily be borne out in practice. therefore been accounted for as a defined the period 1996 to 2016 which could impact showed a funding surplus of £4.6m. This
Management has assessed that TfL has an benefit scheme under IAS 19. Employer’s member benefits. Work is being performed was translated into a current employer
unconditional right to a refund of surplus contributions were payable at the rate of by the Government Actuary’s Department contribution level of 24.9 per cent. A
assets for accounting purposes under IAS 19 15.3 per cent for 2024/25 (2023/24 15.3 per as the Local Government Pension Scheme separate valuation has been prepared for
assuming the gradual settlement of plan cent) of pensionable pay, plus a lump actuary to assess whether section 37 accounting purposes on an IAS 19 basis as
liabilities after consideration of the Trust sum deficit reduction payment of £nil certificates are in place for all amendments at 31 March 2025 by actuaries at the XPS
Deed and Rules. Therefore, any net surplus (2023/24 £nil). The Corporation’s share of and some of these have been confirmed Pensions Group. Assumptions underlying
is recognised in full. the underlying assets and defined benefit however, at the date of these financial this valuation have been updated from
obligation resulted in an IAS 19 surplus as at statements, the full assessment is not the full actuarial valuation of the scheme
The defined benefit obligation for the TfL 31 March 2025 of £nil (2024 deficit of £7.3m). complete. Until this analysis is complete, carried out at 31 December 2022. The
Pension Fund has been calculated using The discounted scheme liabilities have an we are unable to conclude whether there Group’s share of the underlying assets
the mortality assumptions adopted for average duration of 15 years. is any impact to the liability or if it can be and defined benefit obligation resulted
the latest available funding valuation reliably estimated. As a result, the Group in an IAS 19 surplus, as at 31 March 2025,
as at 31 March 2024. Standard mortality The last full actuarial valuation available does not consider it necessary to make any of £5.7m (2024 surplus of £3.4m). The
tables were used, adjusted to reflect the was carried out at 31 March 2022. The report allowance for the potential impact of the discounted Crossrail Section liabilities
recent mortality experience of the Fund’s showed a funding surplus of £1.63bn at Virgin Media case in its financial statements. have a duration of approximately 18 years.
pensioners at that date. An allowance was that date. The annual report and financial In June 2025, the UK Government Management has assessed that TfL has an
made for future mortality improvements statements for the whole scheme can announced plans to introduce legislation to unconditional right to a refund of surplus
based on the CMI 2023 projections with be found on the London Pension Fund give affected pension schemes the ability assets for accounting purposes under IAS 19
a long-term improvement rate of 1.25 per Authority’s website (www.lpfa.org.uk). A to retrospectively obtain written actuarial assuming the gradual settlement of plan
cent per annum. No weighting has been separate valuation as at 31 March 2025 has confirmation that historic benefit changes liabilities after consideration of the deed of
given to 2020 or 2021 mortality experience, been prepared for accounting purposes on met necessary standards at the time. the established section together with the
given the exceptional impact of the an IAS 19 basis by Barnett Waddington LLP. Adopted Rules. Therefore, any net surplus
coronavirus pandemic on these years. Based on the legal advice received, is recognised in full.
including a detailed review of the legal
document, the Group has assessed there
is no impact to the TfL Pension Fund or
the Crossrail Shared Cost Section of the
Railways Pension Scheme.

--- Page 212 ---
212 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
(continued)
The defined benefit obligation for the • Supplementary pensions, which are made
Crossrail Section has been calculated using to certain former employees who retired
the mortality assumptions adopted for prior to index linking of pensions
the funding valuation as at 31 December
2022. Standard mortality tables were used, • Pensions of London Regional Transport
adjusted to reflect the recent mortality former board members who did not
experience of the Scheme’s pensioners qualify to join the TfL Pension Fund
at that date. An allowance was made for
future mortality improvements based on • Other unfunded defined benefit pensions
the CMI 2022 projections with a long-term accruing to certain employees
improvement rate of 1.25 per cent per
annum. No weighting has been given to XPS Pensions Group, consulting actuaries,
2020 or 2021 mortality experience. were instructed to report on the financial
position of the unfunded pension defined
Unfunded pension costs benefit obligation as at 31 March 2025 for
The Corporation bears the cost of the the purpose of IAS 19 only. The report does
augmentation of the pensions of certain not constitute a formal actuarial valuation
employees, who retire early under of the unfunded pension defined benefit
voluntary severance arrangements. obligation. The valuation as at 31 March
2025 was £74.6m (2024 £83.9m) and is fully
In addition, the Corporation also bears the provided for in these financial statements.
cost of:
• Ex-gratia payments, which are made
to certain former employees on
retirement in respect of service prior to
the establishment of pension funds for
those employees
We care about our colleagues as well as our customers

--- Page 213 ---
213 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
(continued)
Assumptions for defined benefit sections c) Accounting for defined benefit schemes
The main actuarial assumptions used for the TfL Pension The total assets in the schemes were:
Fund, the Crossrail Shared Cost Section of the Railways
Pension Scheme, the Local Government Pension Scheme
(together ‘the Schemes’) and unfunded schemes were: Value Value
2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m
IAS 19 IAS 19 Equities and alternatives 11,797.1 12,656.0
valuation valuation at
at 31 March 31 March Bonds 3,365.2 2,316.7
2025 2024
Cash and other 26.8 25.5
Assumption % %
Total fair value of assets 15,189.1 14,998.2
RPI Inflation 3.05-3.20 3.15-3.25
CPI Inflation 2.70-2.90 2.70-2.90
Rate of increase in salaries 2.70-3.90 2.70-3.90
Rate of increase in pensions in payment and deferred pensions 2.70-3.10 2.70-3.15 The TfL Pension Fund, the Crossrail Shared Cost Section of
the Railways Pension Scheme and the Local Government
Discount rate 5.75-5.80 4.85-4.90
Pension Scheme assets consist of the following categories,
by proportion of the total assets held:
The Group’s retirement benefit plans • If life expectancy were increased/
typically expose the Group to actuarial risks (decreased) by one year, the defined
such as investment risk, interest rate risk, benefit obligation would increase by
2025 2024
longevity risk and salary risk. Sensitivity £366.6m/(decrease by £379.5.6m)
At 31 March % %
analyses for the most significant actuarial
assumptions made in relation to these • If the inflation rate were 0.1 per cent Equities 85 90
risks are as set out below. The analyses higher/(lower), the defined benefit
Bonds 15 10
have been determined based on reasonably obligation would increase by £142.3m/
possible changes of the respective (decrease by £140.2m) 100 100
assumptions occurring at the end of the
reporting period, while holding all other The sensitivity analyses presented above
assumptions constant. may not be representative of the actual
change in the defined benefit obligation as The unfunded pension schemes have no assets to cover
• If the discount rate were 0.1 per cent it is unlikely that the change in assumptions their defined benefit obligation.
higher/(lower), the defined benefit would occur in isolation of one another
obligation would decrease by £160.7m/ as some of the assumptions may
(increase by £163.7m) be correlated.
• If the expected salary growth were
increased/(decreased) by 0.1 per cent, the
defined benefit obligation would increase
by £42.1m/(decrease by £41.1m)

--- Page 214 ---
214 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
(continued)
Total pension surplus at 31 March Analysis of amounts included in the
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement
Analysis of amounts charged to net cost of services
2025 2024
Group £m £m
Fair value of scheme assets 15,189.1 14,998.2 Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
Actuarial valuation of defined benefit obligation (11,575.2) (12,729.4) Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m
Total surplus before asset ceiling 3,613.9 2,268.8 Current service cost 301.4 272.0 301.4 271.7
Impact of asset ceiling (19.4) - Less contributions paid by subsidiaries - - (220.0) (236.8)
Net surplus recognised in the Balance Sheet 3,594.5 2,268.8 Past service cost 0.3 - 0.3 -
Total included in staff costs 301.7 272.0 81.7 34.9
Scheme expenses 23.2 19.9 23.0 19.7
2025 2024
Group £m £m
Total amount charged to net cost of services 324.9 291.9 104.7 54.6
TfL Pension Fund 3,663.4 2,342.0
Local Government Pension Fund - 7.3
Crossrail Section of the Railways Pension Scheme 5.7 3.4
Amounts charged to financing and investment expenditure
Unfunded schemes (74.6) (83.9)
Net surplus recognised in the Balance Sheet 3,594.5 2,268.8 Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m
Net interest income on scheme defined
2025 2024
benefit obligation (118.4) (80.4) (118.4) (80.4)
Corporation £m £m
Fair value of scheme assets 15,107.2 14,907.6
Actuarial valuation of defined benefit obligation (11,499.0) (12,642.2)
Total surplus before asset ceiling 3,608.2 2,265.4 Amount recognised in other comprehensive income and expenditure
Impact of asset ceiling (19.4) -
Group Group Corporation Corporation
Net surplus recognised in the Balance Sheet 3,588.8 2,265.4
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m
Net remeasurement gain recognised in the year (1,235.4) (602.4) (1,232.9) (600.2)
2025 2024
Corporation £m £m Changes in impact of asset ceiling 19.4 - 19.4 -
TfL Pension Fund 3,663.4 2,342.0 Total remeasurement of the net defined
benefit surplus (1,216.0) (602.4) (1,213.6) (600.2)
Local Government Pension Fund - 7.3
Unfunded schemes (74.6) (83.9)
Net surplus recognised in the Balance Sheet 3,588.8 2,265.4

--- Page 215 ---
215 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
(continued)
Reconciliation of fair value of the scheme assets
Analysis of scheme defined benefit obligation into amounts arising
from schemes that are wholly or partly funded and wholly unfunded
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
Group Group Corporation Corporation £m £m £m £m
2025 2024 2025 2024
At 31 March £m £m £m £m Fair value of assets at 1 April 14,998.2 14,193.2 14,907.6 14,101.6
Expected return on assets net of expenses 725.5 672.2 721.2 667.9
Wholly unfunded schemes 74.6 83.9 74.6 83.9
Scheme expenses (23.2) (19.9) (23.0) (19.7)
Wholly or partly funded schemes 11,500.6 12,645.5 11,424.4 12,558.3
Return on assets excluding interest expense/(income) (352.2) 266.3 (341.5) 269.4
Total scheme defined benefit obligation 11,575.2 12,729.4 11,499.0 12,642.2
Actual employer contributions 309.8 328.8 89.7 91.7
Contributions paid by subsidiaries - - 220.0 236.8
Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation Employee contributions 67.3 60.3 67.3 60.3
Actual benefits paid (536.3) (502.7) (534.1) (500.4)
Group Group Corporation Corporation
Fair value of assets at 31 March 15,189.1 14,998.2 15,107.2 14,907.6
2025 2024 2025 2024
£m £m £m £m
Actuarial value of defined benefit obligation at 1 April 12,729.4 12,649.9 12,642.2 12,559.7
Current service cost 301.4 272.0 301.3 271.7 The expected return on scheme assets is set equal to the
discount rate. The actual return on scheme assets in the
Interest cost 607.1 591.8 602.8 587.5
year was a gain of £373.3m (2023/24 a gain of £938.5m).
Employee contributions 67.3 60.3 67.3 60.3
Remeasurement losses/(gains) on scheme liabilities: Total contributions of £162.5m are expected to be made
to the schemes in the year ending 31 March 2026.
Net remeasurement – financial (1,703.0) (346.1) (1,690.0) (344.5)
Net remeasurement – experience 83.3 150.9 83.5 153.6
Net remeasurement – demographic 32.1 (140.9) 32.0 (139.9)
Actual benefit payments (542.7) (508.5) (540.5) (506.2)
Past service cost 0.3 - 0.3 -
Actuarial value of defined benefit
obligation at 31 March 11,575.2 12,729.4 11,499.0 12,642.2

--- Page 216 ---
216 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
(continued)
d) Other pension arrangements Docklands Light Railway Pension Scheme The contributions payable by KAD 2025 The discounted DLR Scheme liabilities have
Principal Civil Service Pension Scheme The Docklands Light Railway Pension to the DLR Scheme are set out in the a duration of approximately 14 years.
and Alpha – Civil Servants and Others Scheme (DLR Scheme) is a defined benefit Schedule of Contributions dated 1 April
Pension Scheme scheme established under trust in the UK 2025. These are to pay 12.7 per cent per The scheme’s funding arrangements
The Principal Civil Service Pension Scheme that provides both pensions in retirement annum of pensionable salaries into the outlined above mean that DLR is currently
(PCSPS) is an unfunded multi-employer and death benefits to members. The Scheme, the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) unable to identify its share of this
defined benefit scheme. From 1 April 2015 Trustees are responsible for the operation levy and additional contributions if actual obligation on a consistent and reasonable
most PCSPS members switched to the new and governance of the DLR Scheme, pensionable salary increases exceed CPI basis. The Group has therefore taken
Civil Servants and Others Pension Scheme, including making decisions regarding +2.0 per cent per annum. the exemption permitted under IAS 19
(also known as Alpha). The Group is unable funding and investment strategy in for multi-employer schemes and treats
to identify its share of the underlying conjunction with Docklands Light Railway For active members participating in a contributions to the DLR Scheme as if
assets and defined benefit obligations Limited (DLR), a subsidiary of the TfL Group, salary sacrifice arrangement, KAD 2025 will they were contributions to a defined
of these schemes on a consistent and as the Principal Employer of the Scheme. contribute an extra five per cent per annum contribution plan. No defined benefit
reasonable basis and, as permitted by the of pensionable salaries. obligation has been recognised in the
multi-employer exemption in IAS 19, the Every three years the Scheme Actuary of the Balance Sheet in respect of this scheme.
Group treats contributions to the PCSPS DLR Scheme carries out a valuation to assess In addition, if the PPF levy exceeds £50,000
and Alpha as if they were contributions to the funding position and to determine the in any one Scheme year, DLR (as the Principal Contributions totalling £4.8m were paid
a defined contribution plan. A full actuarial future levels of contributions. The most Employer) will pay the excess over £50,000. by DLR in 2024/25. These costs are not
valuation was last carried out at 31 March recent available valuation was effective reflected within staff costs for the TfL
2022. Details can be found in the Civil 31 March 2024. The schedule of contributions Over the year beginning 1 April 2025 the Group but are instead reflected elsewhere
Service Superannuation Resource Accounts agreed following the 31 March 2024 valuation contributions payable to the DLR Scheme within the operating expenditure of the
is dated 1 April 2025. The next triennial are expected to be around £2.2m from KAD, Group, as the costs relate to the staff costs
During 2024/25 minimum employers’ valuation is scheduled for 31 March 2027. based on the schedule of contributions of DLR’s concessionaire.
contributions represented an average of currently in force. This makes no allowance
10.6 per cent of pensionable pay (2023/24 Keolis Amey Docklands Limited (KAD) was for additional contributions that may arise Defined contribution schemes
27.3 per cent). Employer contributions are awarded the franchise to operate the DLR if Pensionable Salary growth exceeds CPI The Group contributes to a number of
reviewed every four years. The contribution from 7 December 2014 and is a Participating inflation + 2.0 per cent per annum or any defined contribution schemes, with total
rates reflect benefits as they are accrued, Employer in the DLR Scheme over the year changes as a result of a new schedule contributions, including contributions to
not when the costs are actually incurred, to 31 March 2025. of contributions. the PCSPS and Alpha schemes as outlined
and reflect past experience of the scheme. in the paragraphs above.
A new franchise period began on 1 April A valuation of the DLR Scheme has been
2025. Keolis Amey were re-appointed to prepared for accounting purposes on
operate the franchise and a new entity, an IAS 19 basis as at 31 March 2025. The
Keolis Amey Docklands 2025 Limited (‘KAD assumptions used by the actuary are best
2025’), became a Participating Employer in estimates chosen from a range of possible
the DLR Scheme from 1 April 2025 in place actuarial assumptions, while the present
of KAD. Employees of KAD who were value of the DLR Scheme’s defined benefit
active members of the Scheme had their obligation is based on future cash flow
employment transferred to KAD 2025 and projections. Neither the assumptions nor
continued as active members. the cash flow projections may necessarily
be borne out in practice.

--- Page 217 ---
217 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
35. Pensions
(continued)
e) Type of pension assets per the TfL Pension Fund accounts (%)
Group 2025 Group 2025 Group 2024 Group 2024
quoted unquoted quoted unquoted
Bonds 6 0 5 0
Equities 13 3 15 3
Loans 0 2 0 2
Pooled investment vehicles 27 43 25 40
Liquidity funds 4 0 7 0
AVC investments 1 0 1 0
Cash 1 0 1 0
Other investment balances 0 0 1 0
52 48 55 45
Type of pension assets per the London Pension Fund Authority (%)
Group 2025 Group 2025 Group 2024 Group 2024
quoted unquoted quoted unquoted
Equities 54 0 54 0
Private equity 0 6 0 7
Fixed income 4 0 2 0
Investment, hedge funds and unit trusts 0 0 3 0
Credit 0 14 0 12
Infrastructure 0 11 0 11
Real estate 0 9 0 9
Cash 2 0 2 0
60 40 61 39
Quoted assets represent unadjusted quoted prices in an active
Pension funds and services ensure our people are supported market and inputs other than quoted prices which are observable.

--- Page 218 ---
218 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
36. Cash flow notes
a) The cash flows for operating activities include the following items: b) Adjustments to the deficit/surplus on the provision of services
for non-cash movements
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024 Group Group Corporation Corporation
Adjustment £m £m £m £m 2025 2024 2025 2024
Adjustment £m £m £m £m
Interest and other investment income received 100.0 66.9 510.6 501.4
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property,
Interest paid (680.7) (433.9) (588.5) (341.1)
plant and equipment, intangibles and right-of-use assets 1,650.6 1,628.2 253.4 230.5
(580.7) (367.0) (77.9) 160.3
Reversal of movements in the value of
investment properties (62.2) 107.9 (15.9) (55.6)
Reversal of unrealised gains on revaluation of
foreign currency borrowings (11.4) - (11.4) -
Increase in interest receivable (90.6) (83.5) (120.5) (82.7)
(Decrease)/increase in interest payable (60.8) 81.6 (63.3) 79.2
Movement in pensions liability 8.7 (42.7) 8.7 (42.9)
Fair value adjustments on non-hedged derivatives 12.1 - - -
Carrying amount of non-current assets and non-current
assets held for sale, sold or de-recognised 130.1 25.9 158.0 52.6
Tax received - 2.5 - -
Reversal of gain on disposal of investment property - 112.0 - 110.8
Gain on recognition of finance leases (4.9) (15.4) - (13.2)
Adjustments to net deficit/surplus for non-cash
movements before movements in working capital 1,571.6 1,816.5 209.0 278.7
(Decrease)/increase in creditors (19.3) 185.9 (131.3) (155.6)
(Increase)/decrease in debtors (36.4) 195.5 (54.4) 70.6
Increase in inventories (20.9) (22.7) - -
Increase/(decrease) in provisions 4.5 70.6 (1.7) 16.1
Adjustments to net deficit/surplus for total
non-cash movements 1,499.5 2,245.8 21.6 209.8

--- Page 219 ---
219 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
36. Cash flow notes
(continued)
c) Adjustments to the deficit/surplus on the provision of services for e) Financing activities
investing or financing items
Group Group Corporation Corporation
Group Group Corporation Corporation 2025 2024 2025 2024
2025 2024 2025 2024 Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m
Adjustment £m £m £m £m
Cash payments for reduction of the outstanding
Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and liabilities relating to lease and PFI arrangements (299.9) (311.0) (41.0) (41.4)
equipment, intangibles and investment properties (196.7) (41.4) (204.8) (47.3)
Cash payments for reduction of other financing liabilities (12.2) (6.5) - -
Reversal of capital grants receivable (944.8) (1,838.9) (914.7) (1,803.9)
Net proceeds from new borrowing 1,381.5 187.5 1,381.5 187.5
Adjustments for items included in the net deficit/
Repayments of borrowings (709.7) (164.2) (708.8) (164.1)
surplus that are investing or financing activities (1,141.5) (1,880.3) (1,119.5) (1,851.2)
Net cash flows from financing activities 359.7 (294.2) 631.7 (18.0)
d) Investing activities
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m £m £m
Capital grants received 1,084.2 1,762.8 1,029.4 1,724.4
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (1,734.1) (2,235.8) (326.0) (387.8)
Purchase of investment property (53.0) - (0.6) -
Prepayment for purchase of property,
plant and equipment (77.2) - - -
Purchase of intangible assets (55.5) (51.6) (51.9) (37.7)
Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets 77.3 18.5 127.3 0.1
Net (purchases)/sales of other investments (849.1) 8.5 (854.5) (0.2)
Issue of loans to subsidiaries - - (716.3) -
Repayments of loans to subsidiaries - - 70.0 77.0
Finance leases granted in year - (1.5) - -
Finance leases repaid in year 7.8 5.9 - -
Proceeds from sale of investment property 118.2 26.9 77.7 47.3
Investment in equity of associates and joint ventures (77.0) (4.9) - -
Dividends and return of capital from associates
and joint ventures 10.6 - - -
Net cash flows from investing activities (1,547.8) (471.2) (644.9) 1,423.1

--- Page 220 ---
220 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
37. Unusable reserves
Capital Adjustment Account the Group and its subsidiaries for assets
2025 2024
The Capital Adjustment Account absorbs not held in the Corporation. Under the
At 31 March £m £m
the timing differences arising from the Code, capital grants are recognised in the
Group different arrangements for accounting for Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
the consumption of non-current assets and Statement and are then transferred to
Capital Adjustment Account 32,453.8 32,092.4
for financing the acquisition, construction the Capital Adjustment Account (CAA)
Pension Reserve 3,588.8 2,265.4 or enhancement of those assets under when utilised. No amortisation of grants
Accumulated Absences Reserve (16.2) (16.7) statutory provisions. The account is debited or disposal of grants is recognised in the
with the cost of acquisition, construction or Comprehensive Income and Expenditure
Retained Earnings Reserve in Subsidiaries (556.3) (16.4)
enhancement as depreciation, impairment Statement. TfL’s subsidiary companies
Revaluation Reserve 214.7 201.9 losses and amortisations are charged to the account under full IFRS (rather than
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure the Code) and are required to recognise
Hedging Reserve (21.3) (60.3)
Statement (with reconciling postings from deferred capital grants on the balance
Cost of Hedging Reserve (0.9) (1.9) the Revaluation Reserve to convert fair sheet and recognise grant amortisation
value figures to a historical cost basis). The in arriving at their retained earnings. An
Financial Instruments Adjustment Account (88.8) (100.5)
account is credited with the amounts set accounting policy alignment is performed
Merger reserve 466.1 466.1
aside by TfL as finance for the costs of on consolidation to recognise the grant
Deferred capital receipts 13.2 13.2 acquisition, construction and enhancement. receipts in the Comprehensive Income and
The account also contains accumulated Expenditure Statement (from where they
36,053.1 34,843.2
gains and losses on investment properties. are then transferred to the CAA). Equally,
the amortisation and grant disposals
In the table below, the Corporation Capital are removed from the Comprehensive
Adjustment Account remains unchanged Income and Expenditure Statement and are
at Group level. The adjustments for the shown in the CAA so that the total CAA
2025 2024
Group financial statements arise due to an adjustment is equal to the deferred capital
At 31 March £m £m
alignment of accounting policies between grant carried in the subsidiaries’ books.
Corporation
Capital Adjustment Account 17,472.8 17,382.3
Pension Reserve 3,588.8 2,265.4
Accumulated Absences Reserve (16.2) (16.7)
Revaluation Reserve 22.0 22.1
Financial Instruments Adjustment Account (88.8) (100.5)
Deferred capital receipts 13.2 13.2
20,991.8 19,565.8

--- Page 221 ---
221 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
37. Unusable reserves
(continued)
Capital Adjustment Account (continued) Pension Reserve obligations recognised to reflect inflation,
The Pension Reserve represents pension changing assumptions and investment
and other post-retirement defined benefit returns on any resources set aside to
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024 obligations shown on the Balance Sheet, meet the costs. However, statutory
Note £m £m £m £m excluding those reflected on the balance arrangements require benefits earned to
sheets of the subsidiary companies. be financed as the Group and Corporation
Balance at 1 April 32,092.5 30,924.4 17,382.2 17,263.6
The Pension Reserve absorbs the timing make employer’s contributions to pension
Amounts attributable to the Corporation differences arising from the different funds or eventually pay any pensions for
Charges for depreciation and impairment arrangements for accounting for post- which they are directly responsible. The
of non-current assets (253.5) (230.5) (253.5) (230.5) employment benefits and for funding debit balance on the pension reserve
benefits in accordance with statutory therefore shows a substantial shortfall in
Capital proceeds from disposals of investment
properties 77.7 47.3 77.7 47.3 provisions. The Group and Corporation the benefits earned by past and current
account for post-employment benefits employees against the resources that have
Net book value of disposals of
in the Comprehensive Income and been set aside to meet them. The statutory
investment properties (76.3) (41.2) (76.3) (41.2)
Expenditure Statement as the benefits arrangements will ensure that funding
Release of Revaluation Reserve relating to
are earned by employees accruing years will have been set aside by the time the
historical revaluation gains recognised in respect
of service, updating the defined benefit benefits come to be paid.
of properties disposed during the year - 0.2 - 0.2
Movements in the market value of investment
properties recognised in the deficit/surplus on the
provision of services after tax 15.9 55.6 15.9 55.6
Capital grants and contributions 10 922.4 1,734.1 922.4 1,734.1
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
REFCUS 10 (707.9) (1,484.0) (707.9) (1,484.0)
£m £m £m £m
Minimum Revenue provision 66.9 48.5 66.9 48.5
Balance at 1 April 2,265.4 1,541.9 2,265.4 1,541.9
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 45.4 (11.4) 45.4 (11.4)
Net remeasurement losses on pension assets and
Adjustments for the alignment of Group defined benefit obligations 1,233.0 600.2 1,233.0 600.2
accounting policies for assets not held in
Impact of asset ceiling (19.4) - (19.4) -
the Corporation
Charges for depreciation, impairment and Reversal of charges relating to retirement benefits (206.3) (211.0) 13.7 25.8
disposals for assets not held in the Corporation (467.3) (469.5) - -
Employer's pension contributions, contributions from
Capital grants and contributions applied to assets subsidiaries and direct payments to pensioners payable
not held in the Corporation 10 738.0 1,519.0 - - in the year 316.1 334.3 96.1 97.5
Balance at 31 March 32,453.8 32,092.5 17,472.8 17,382.2 Balance at 31 March 3,588.8 2,265.4 3,588.8 2,265.4

--- Page 222 ---
222 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
37. Unusable reserves
(continued)
Accumulated Absences Reserve Retained Earnings Reserve in Subsidiaries
The Accumulated Absences Reserve absorbs the differences The Retained Earnings Reserve in Subsidiaries represents the
that would otherwise arise on the General Fund Balance retained earnings in the Group’s subsidiary companies. These
from accruing for compensated absences earned but not are disclosed as unusable reserves, unless the subsidiary
taken in the year, e.g. annual leave entitlement carried declares a dividend to the Corporation and they are able to
forward at 31 March. Statutory arrangements require that fund these via their own cash reserves. The majority of assets
the impact on the General Fund Balance is neutralised by held in subsidiaries are related to transport infrastructure and
transfers to or from the reserve. are not readily convertible to cash.
Group Group Corporation Corporation Group Group
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 April (16.7) (13.2) (16.7) (13.2) Balance at 1 April (16.4) 1,034.3
Settlement or cancellation of accrual made at the end of Deficit on the provision of services after tax in subsidiaries (272.4) (6.2)
the preceding year 16.7 13.2 16.7 13.2
Transfer of current year capital grants and contributions to the
Amounts accrued at the end of the current year (16.2) (16.7) (16.2) (16.7) Capital Adjustment Account (738.3) (1,519.0)
Balance at 31 March (16.2) (16.7) (16.2) (16.7) Transfer of adjustments between Group and Corporation financial statements to the
Capital Adjustment Account 467.3 469.6
Remeasurement gains on defined benefit pension plan assets and liabilities 2.4 2.2
Release of Revaluation Reserve relating to the difference between fair value
depreciation and historical cost depreciation 1.1 2.7
Balance at 31 March (556.3) (16.4)

--- Page 223 ---
223 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
37. Unusable reserves
(continued)
Revaluation Reserve Hedging Reserve
The Revaluation Reserve contains the accumulated gains The Hedging Reserve holds the gain or loss on a hedging
made arising from increases in the value of property, plant instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge. The
and equipment. The balance is reduced when assets with ineffective portion, if any, is recognised immediately through the
accumulated gains are: Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement. The gain
or loss deferred in reserves is recognised in the Comprehensive
• Revalued downwards or impaired and the gains are lost Income and Expenditure Statement in the period(s) during
which the hedged forecast transaction affects profit or loss, or
• Used in the provision of services and the gains are consumed recognised as an adjustment to the cost of a capital asset where
through depreciation capital expenditure is hedged.
• Disposed of and the gains are transferred to retained earnings
Group Group Corporation Corporation Group Group
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 April 201.9 216.2 22.1 22.4 Balance at 1 April (60.3) (17.4)
Revaluation of assets 13 16.0 (11.4) - - Net change in fair value of cash flow interest rate hedges 5.0 (37.2)
Release of Revaluation Reserve relating to Net change in fair value of cash flow foreign exchange hedges 3.8 (6.8)
historical revaluation gains recognised in respect
of properties disposed (1.6) (0.2) (0.1) (0.3) Reclassification of interest rate fair value losses to profit and loss 1.1 1.1
Release of Revaluation Reserve relating to the Discontinued hedging relationship 29.1 -
difference between fair value depreciation and
Balance at 31 March (21.3) (60.3)
historical cost depreciation, and to historical
revaluation gains recognised in respect of
properties disposed during the year (1.6) (2.7) - -
Balance at 31 March 214.7 201.9 22.0 22.1
The Corporation does not have a Hedging Reserve as it has not
entered into any derivative transactions, nor does it have legal
powers to do so.

--- Page 224 ---
224 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
37. Unusable reserves
(continued)
Cost of Hedging Reserve Merger Reserve
The Cost of Hedging Reserve holds the gain or loss on a hedging The Merger Reserve of £466.1m arose as a result of the transfer of
instrument arising from changes in the fair value of the time the net assets of London Regional Transport, including the share
value of an option when the intrinsic value of the option has capital of London Underground Limited (LUL), to TfL in 2003. It
been designated in an effective hedging relationship. The gain represents the share capital of LUL and was taken as a credit to
or loss deferred in reserves is recognised in the Comprehensive the merger reserve.
Income and Expenditure Statement in the period(s) during which
the hedged forecast transaction affects profit or loss. The
ineffective portion, if any, is recognised immediately through the
Comprehensive Income and Expenditure Statement. Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
£m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 April and 31 March 466.1 466.1 - -
Group Group
2025 2024
£m £m
Balance at 1 April (1.9) (2.4) Deferred capital receipts reserve
The deferred capital receipts reserve holds the gains recognised
Reclassification of cashflow foreign exchange hedge losses to the Balance Sheet 1.0 0.5
on the disposal of non-current assets but for which cash
Balance at 31 March (0.9) (1.9) settlement has yet to take place. Under statutory arrangements,
TfL does not treat these gains as usable for financing new capital
expenditure until they are backed by cash receipts. When the
The Corporation does not have a Cost of Hedging Reserve as it deferred cash settlement eventually takes place, amounts are
has not entered into any derivative transactions, nor does it have transferred to the capital receipts reserve.
legal powers to do so.
Financial Instruments Adjustment Account Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
The Financial Instruments Adjustment Account provides a
£m £m £m £m
balancing mechanism between the different rates at which gains
and losses (such as premium on the early repayment of debt) are Balance at 1 April and 31 March 13.2 13.2 13.2 13.2
recognised under the Code and are required by statute to be met
from the General Fund.
Group Group Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
£m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 April (100.5) (112.3) (100.5) (112.3)
Release of premium 11.7 11.8 11.7 11.8
Balance at 31 March (88.8) (100.5) (88.8) (100.5)

--- Page 225 ---
225 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
38. Adjustments between accounting basis and funding basis under regulations
This note details the adjustments that are the Corporation in the year in accordance by statutory provisions as being available reserve represents monies available to
made to the total Comprehensive Income with proper accounting practice in order to to the Corporation to meet future capital finance the day-to-day activities of TfL.
and Expenditure Statement recognised by determine the resources that are specified and revenue expenditure. The General Fund
Corporation
Financial
Capital Capital Street Capital Grants Instruments Accumulated
General Adjustment receipts Pension Works Unapplied Adjustment Absences
Fund Account reserve Reserve Reserve Account Account Reserve
Year ended 31 March 2025 Note £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Reversal of items debited or credited to the Comprehensive Income
and Expenditure Statement
Charges for depreciation, amortisation and impairment
of non-current assets 4 253.5 (253.5) - - - - - -
Net book value of disposals 138.1 (138.1) - - - - - -
Capital proceeds from disposals 39 (139.5) - 139.5 - - - - -
Capital receipts applied - 139.5 (139.5) - - - - -
Movements in the market value of investment properties 9 (15.9) 15.9 - - - - - -
Capital grants and contributions 10 (214.5) 214.5 - - - - - -
Capital grants and contributions applied to REFCUS (707.9) 707.9 - - - - - -
REFCUS 707.9 (707.9) - - - - - -
Unapplied capital grants 10 7.7 - - - - (7.7) - -
Loss on disposal of non-current assets 7 (78.0) 78.0 - - - - - -
Write off on non-current assets 7 32.6 (32.6) - - - - - -
Reversal of items relating to retirement benefits (13.7) - - 13.7 - - - -
Transfers to/from Street Works Reserve (4.3) - - - 4.3 - - -
Difference between the remuneration charged on an accruals basis and
the remuneration chargeable in accordance with statutory requirements (0.5) - - - - - - 0.5
Inclusion of items not debited or credited to the Comprehensive
Income and Expenditure Statement which are required to be charged
in accordance with statutory requirements
Employer's pension contributions and direct payments
to pensioners payable in the year (95.9) - - 95.9 - - - -
Minimum Revenue provision 40 (66.9) 66.9 - - - - - -
Amortisation of premium on financing (11.7) - - - - - 11.7 -
(209.0) 90.6 - 109.6 4.3 (7.7) 11.7 0.5

--- Page 226 ---
226 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
38. Adjustments between accounting basis and funding basis under regulations
(continued)
Corporation (continued)
Financial
Capital Capital Street Capital Grants Instruments Accumulated
General Adjustment receipts Pension Works Unapplied Adjustment Absences
fund Account reserve Reserve Reserve Account Account Reserve
Year ended 31 March 2024 Note £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Reversal of items debited or credited to the Comprehensive Income
and Expenditure Statement
Charges for depreciation, amortisation and impairment
of non-current assets 4 230.5 (230.5) - - - - - -
Net book value of disposals 41.1 (41.1) - - - - - -
Capital proceeds from disposals 39 (47.2) - 47.2 - - - - -
Capital receipts applied - 47.2 (47.2) - - - - -
Movements in the market value of investment properties 8 (55.6) 55.6 - - - - - -
Capital grants and contributions 10 (250.1) 250.1 - - - - - -
Capital grants and contributions applied to REFCUS (1,484.0) 1,484.0 - - - - - -
REFCUS 1,484.0 (1,484.0) - - - - - -
Unapplied capital grants 10 (69.8) - - - - 69.8 - -
Loss on disposal of non-current assets 7 11.4 (11.4) - - - - - -
Reversal of items relating to retirement benefits (25.8) - - 25.8 - - - -
Transfers to/from Street Works Reserve (4.8) - - - 4.8 - - -
Difference between the remuneration charged on an accruals basis and
the remuneration chargeable in accordance with statutory requirements 3.5 - - - - - - (3.5)
Inclusion of items not debited or credited to the Comprehensive
Income and Expenditure Statement which are required to be charged
in accordance with statutory requirements
Employer's pension contributions and direct payments
to pensioners payable in the year (97.5) - - 97.5 - - - -
Minimum Revenue provision 40 (48.5) 48.5 - - - - - -
Amortisation of premium on financing (11.8) - - - - - 11.8 -
(324.6) 118.4 - 123.3 4.8 69.8 11.8 (3.5)
Revenue expenditure funded from capital which does not result in the creation of REFCUS expenditure is charged to the and the associated grant or contribution
under statute (REFCUS) a non-current asset for the Corporation/ relevant service revenue account in the are then reversed out of the General Fund
Revenue expenditure funded from capital Group. For example, grant paid to a third year it is incurred. When this expenditure is Balance via the Movement in Reserves
under statute is expenditure that may be party for the purchase or development of funded by capital grants or contributions, Statement and transferred to the Capital
capitalised under statutory provisions but an asset. the related funding is recognised as Adjustment Account.
revenue income. Both the expenditure

--- Page 227 ---
227 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
39. Sources of finance 40. Minimum revenue provision
Capital expenditure analysed by source of finance: The Local Government and Housing Act While statutory guidance suggests four
1989 requires a Minimum Revenue Provision potential methods for calculating MRP
(MRP) to be set aside for the redemption of it also allows for other methods and
Corporation Corporation
external debt. As a statutory corporation approaches to be used. Since 2016/17 TfL
2025 2024
Year ended 31 March Note £m £m regulated as if it were a local authority, has applied the principles inherent in the
TfL is required to comply with the Local statutory guidance on MRP, to make an
Capital expenditure
Authorities Capital Finance Regulations. annual provision in TfL (the Corporation),
Intangible asset additions 12 51.9 37.7 New regulations were approved by the that aims to build up a reserve on the
Secretary of State in February 2008. TfL Balance Sheet over the average useful
Property, plant and equipment additions 13 323.3 350.8
is required to approve an annual MRP economic life of the assets funded by
Investment property 16 0.6 1.0
statement determining the amount of MRP borrowings in the Corporation, such that,
Loans made to subsidiaries in year for capital purposes 716.3 - which it considers to be prudent. at the end of that useful economic life,
that reserve may be employed to either
Capital grants allocated to subsidiaries in year 10 707.9 1,484.0
The Ministry of Housing, Communities repay borrowings or to finance replacement
Total capital expenditure 1,800.0 1,873.5 and Local Government issued guidance capex for those assets that have reached
setting out four possible methods which the end of their lives. An MRP is effectively
Sources of finance
are deemed automatically prudent, but already made for borrowings passed down
Business Rates Retention used to fund capital 10 692.9 882.8 also states that ‘approaches differing from to the subsidiaries through TfL’s existing
those exemplified should not be ruled out. processes for funding those entities.
Non-ring-fenced grant from DfT 10 5.0 810.0
The broad aim of prudent provision is to The MRP provision for 2024/25, shown
Community infrastructure levy and other third-party contributions 10 181.8 111.1
ensure that debt is repaid over a period as a transfer from the General Fund to
Crossrail specific grant 10 35.0 - that is reasonably commensurate with the Capital Adjustment Account in the
that over which the capital expenditure Group and Corporation Movement in
Adjusted by amounts transferred to Capital Grants Unapplied Account 10 7.7 (69.8)
provides benefits.’ Reserves Statements, was a total of £66.9m
Prudential borrowing 741.9 58.0 (2023/24 £48.5m).
Repayment of loans from subsidiaries - 42.0
Capital receipts 139.5 47.2
Working capital (3.8) (7.8)
Total sources of finance 1,800.0 1,873.5
Capital Financing Requirement
The Capital Financing Requirement is the amount of
cumulative capital expenditure to be financed by means
other than grant or asset sales proceeds. As at 31 March 2025
this stood at £13,555.6m (2024 £13,019.6m) for the Corporation.

--- Page 228 ---
228 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
41. Financial assistance
TfL may give financial assistance to any body or person in
respect of expenditure incurred or to be incurred by that body
or person in doing anything which, in the opinion of TfL, is
conducive to the provision of safe, integrated, efficient and
economic transport facilities or services to, from or within
Greater London, and also to London Transport Museum Limited.
Financial assistance given under section 159 of the GLA Act 1999
is outlined below:
Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation
2025 2024 2025 2024
Year ended 31 March £m £m Year ended 31 March Note £m £m
Financial assistance to subsidiaries Financial assistance to London Boroughs and other third parties
Transport Trading Limited 8.9 10.7 Local Implementation Plan 38.0 42.5
London Underground Limited 1,149.7 1,257.9 Taxicard 6.6 7.6
London Bus Services Limited 961.5 845.1 London Streetspace - 0.1
London River Services Limited 5.0 6.1 Cycling 29.3 27.4
Docklands Light Railway Limited 275.7 199.2 Bus priority 8.7 10.5
Crossrail Limited 224.5 41.6 Liveable neighbourhoods 1.1 2.8
Tramtrack Croydon Limited 46.7 54.8 Other 5.0 8.3
Rail for London (Infrastructure) Limited 108.0 93.4 4 88.7 99.2
2,780.0 2,508.8

--- Page 229 ---
229 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
42. Related parties
TfL is required by the Code and IAS 24 Committee (including the Commissioner, Board Members and Officers Other public bodies
Related Party Disclosures (IAS 24) to Chief Officers and General Counsel), the Board Members, the Mayor of London, TfL provides financial assistance to London
disclose material transactions with related Mayor of London and the TfL Pension and key management (including the Boroughs to support Borough schemes that
parties. Related parties are entities or Fund. In addition, central Government has Commissioner and the TfL Executive improve the local travelling environment.
individuals who have the potential to the potential to influence TfL by providing Committee), are required to complete a Financial assistance provided is disclosed in
control, indirectly control or significantly the statutory framework within which declaration regarding any related party Note 41.
influence TfL or to be controlled, indirectly TfL operates and through the provision transactions. During the year, none of
controlled or significantly influenced of funding in the form of grants and the Corporation Board, key management TfL receives income from the London
by TfL. borrowing facilities. personnel or parties related to them have Boroughs for the provision of free travel
undertaken any transactions with the for older and disabled customers, and
TfL is a statutory corporation established Disclosure of related party transactions Corporation or its subsidiaries (2023/24 students. This income is set out in Note 1.
by section 154 of the GLA Act 1999. It is a allows readers to assess the extent to none). Details of the remuneration of the
functional body of the Greater London which the Corporation might have been Commissioner and all employees earning TfL has borrowings outstanding from the
Authority (GLA) and is controlled by the constrained in its ability to operate a base salary of £150,000 or more are Public Works Loan Board and pays interest
Mayor of London. TfL is classified as a independently or might have secured the disclosed in Note 6. to Public Works Loan Board in respect of
government entity in accordance with ability to limit another party’s ability to those borrowings.
IAS 24, as it is controlled by the GLA, bargain freely with it. TfL Pension Fund
through the Mayor. The GLA and its other The Accounts of the TfL Pension Fund are TfL makes payments to the British
functional bodies are considered to be GLA and functional bodies prepared separately and are subject to Transport Police for the provision of
related parties of TfL and its subsidiaries, as Details of amounts received from the a separate audit opinion. Contributions policing services on the Underground
they are all under the control of the Mayor. Business Rates Retention, and the Council payable to the TfL Pension Fund by TfL as and London Overground and other
Other related parties include TfL’s Board Tax precept paid to TfL by the GLA are employer are disclosed in Note 35. overground railways.
Members, members of the TfL Executive shown in Note 10.
Central Government TfL makes payments to the Metropolitan
During 2024/25 the DfT contributed grant Police Service for policing services provided
funding to TfL totalling £5.0m (2023/24 by the Safer Transport Command.
During 2024/25 TfL had the following other £998.3m) under a series of Extraordinary
transactions with the GLA and functional bodies: Funding and Financing Agreements. Transactions between the Corporation and
its subsidiaries, which are related parties,
In the year to 31 March 2025, the GLA paid have been eliminated on consolidation and
Total Total Outstanding
grants totalling £35.0m to TfL in relation to are not disclosed in this Note.
income expenditure balance at
the Crossrail project (2024 £nil). And as at
during the during the 31 March
year year 2025 31 March 2025 £610.0m of the Crossrail loan
facility provided by the DfT in relation to
Other transaction £m £m £m
the Crossrail project remained drawn down
GLA 17.3 (7.4) 8.0
(2024 £680.0m).
Mayor’s Office for Policing and Crime (MOPAC) 0.4 (106.2) 0.1
London Legacy Development Corporation (LLDC) 1.0 - -

--- Page 230 ---
230 Notes to the Financial Statements Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Notes to the Financial Statements
43. Trust Funds 44. Events after the Balance Sheet date
Unsecured bonds issued in Opening of Silvertown Tunnel
The Corporation acts as the sole trustee for the TfL September 2025 in April 2025
Healthcare Trust, a trust established for the purpose of As part of TfL's treasury management The Silvertown Tunnel, a PFI arrangement
providing certain benefits relating to medical treatment activities, on 24 September 2025, TfL between the Corporation and Riverlinx
for eligible employees of the Group and their family completed the issuance of a £350m 16- Limited, opened on 7 April 2025. The annual
members. The Trust is administered by AXA PPP Healthcare year unsecured bond with a coupon rate performance-based availability payment
Administration Services Limited, an independent third party. of 5.75 per cent per annum. The proceeds to Riverlinx Limited will commence on
Under the terms of the Trust deed the funds held by the from this bond issuance are expected to the same date until the expiry date of the
Trust do not represent the assets of the Corporation or its be received on 1 October 2025. This bond agreement in January 2050. Consequently,
subsidiaries. Hence the Trust has not been consolidated into issuance will be presented as part of the the Corporation has recognised a PFI asset
these financial statements. Group's long-term borrowings in Note 27 of of £1.2bn and an equal amount of liability
the Group's 2025/26 Statement of Accounts. representing the portion of the availability
payments relating to the fair value of
the asset.
Income Expenditure Assets Liabilities
Trust £m £m £m £m
At 31 March 2025
TfL Healthcare Trust 5.0 (5.7) 2.5 -
At 31 March 2024
TfL Healthcare Trust - - - -

--- Page 231 ---
231 Annual Governance Statement Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Annual Governance Statement
The CIPFA/SOLACE Delivering Good • resources are used economically, Mayor. The Agreement is an overarching how TfL complies with the Code and
Governance in Local Government efficiently, and effectively to achieve commitment in relation to the culture and meets the requirements of the Accounts
Framework (the Framework) requires local agreed priorities which benefit individual behaviours of the GLA Group and Audit Regulations 2015 in relation
authorities, which includes TfL, to publish local people. and contains specific corporate governance to the publication of a statement on
an Annual Governance Statement, and to commitments. The Board agreed TfL has in internal control.
be responsible for ensuring that: As a functional body of the Greater place protocols and processes that address
London Authority (GLA), TfL is a signatory all the requirements of the Agreement. TfL’s governance framework has been in
• its business is conducted in accordance to the GLA Group Corporate Governance place since the year ended 31 March 2001
with all relevant laws and regulations; Framework Agreement (the Agreement), TfL has approved and adopted a Code of and remains in place at the date of approval
which was updated in March 2022, with a Governance (the Code) which is consistent of the 2024/25 Statement of Accounts. The
• public money is safeguarded and properly further update to be considered by the with the Framework and is published key elements of the governance framework
accounted for; and Board in July 2025, ahead of approval by the online at tfl.gov.uk. This statement explains are set out below:
Key elements of TfL’s Governance Framework
Chair, Board, Committees and Panels The Mayor appoints the Board and is the Chair of TfL and appoints Risk Management TfL has an Enterprise Risk management system that sets out TfL’s
the Deputy Mayor for Transport as the Deputy Chair of TfL. Board Enterprise and Strategic Risks, supported by local risk registers
membership is kept under review, with appointments made against throughout TfL, which are monitored by the appropriate senior
a skills matrix. The Board provides leadership and determines and manager. The Audit and Assurance Committee oversees the
agrees TfL’s strategic direction and oversees the performance of the implementation of the risk management system, with individual
Executive Committee to deliver the Mayor’s Transport Strategy. Committees and Panels reviewing each Enterprise Risk within their
remit as per the 12-month rolling schedule. The Executive Committee
The Budget, Business Plan and Capital Strategy set out how the
also regularly reviews all the Enterprise Risks.
Mayor’s Transport Strategy will be delivered and are supported by
TfL’s Group and individual business area Scorecards.
Scrutiny and Review The Board, Committees and Panels each receive regular quarterly
The Board’s effectiveness is regularly reviewed with at least one reports on TfL’s performance. These reports cover: performance
externally led review each Mayoral term. Review recommendations are against the Scorecard; financial performance; customer, sustainability
acted upon and the decision-making structure is kept under review. and operational performance; safety, health and security; colleague;
and risk and assurance. The Audit and Assurance Committee reviews
Decision Making Standing Orders set out TfL’s decision-making process and are TfL’s overall audit and assurance arrangements.
regularly reviewed. The roles of Members and the executive are clearly
defined. The Board, its Committees and Panels meet in public and all The Commissioner and The Commissioner and Executive Committee are responsible for
decisions taken are published. The approval of Financial, Programme the Executive Committee the delivery of day-to-day operations. The statutory Chief Finance
and Project, Procurement and Land Authority by the Commissioner Officer (TfL’s appointed officer under section 127 of the GLA Act 1999)
and Chief Finance Officer is also reported to Committees along with is responsible for safeguarding TfL’s financial position. The postholder
any Mayoral Directions to TfL. plays an active part in TfL strategic decision making through
involvement in all key decisions with a significant financial implication
Audit and Assurance Committee The Committee reviews the effectiveness of the system of internal and has management responsibility to produce the Business Plan and
controls, including the integrated assurance framework and considers statutory accounts.
fraud and risk management issues. It also reviews the Annual
The General Counsel, along with the Commissioner, is responsible
Accounts prior to submission to the Board and TfL’s compliance with
for ensuring compliance with the law and promoting good corporate
the UK Corporate Governance Code (where applicable). The Risk and
governance and high standards of public conduct. The Director of Risk
Assurance Directorate and External Auditors support the work of
and Assurance comments annually on the effectiveness of the Code.
the Committee.

--- Page 232 ---
232 Annual Governance Statement Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Annual Governance Statement
(continued)
Applying the Framework Principles Principle B: Ensuring openness and TfL’s Vision and Values, launched in and metrics in Action on Inclusion and
Principle A: Behaving with integrity, comprehensive stakeholder engagement 2021, define TfL’s purpose as ‘To move Equity in Motion are reported to the People
demonstrating strong commitment to TfL has a transparency strategy and London forward safely, inclusively and and Remuneration Committee and the
ethical values, and respecting the rule publishes a substantial amount of sustainability’ and its vision as ‘We’ll be Customer, Sustainability and Operations
of law information. It engages with stakeholders a strong, green heartbeat for London’. In Panel (respectively).
TfL’s Code of Conduct for Members and and partners through consultation and 2023, TfL launched ‘Our Strategy’, which
staff reinforces a public service ethos its work with London Councils and built on the Vision, purpose and Values, From September 2024, the terms of
and high standards of behaviour. It is individual boroughs. It cooperates with setting out how TfL would achieve its reference of the Finance Committee, the
supported by more detailed guidance, appropriate organisations to ensure there Vision and explaining how everything fitted Land and Property Committee and the
including TfL’s whistleblowing procedures is independent scrutiny of its financial together to do that. TfL has established five Programmes and Investment Committee
and guidance on conflicts of interest and and operational reporting processes. roadmaps to deliver the Vision and Values now require those Committees to consider
through the Modern Slavery Statement. Board, Committee and Panel meetings are and these are reviewed annually. They guide safety, security and sustainability issues
The General Counsel and Commissioner held in public and are routinely webcast planning and decision-making, provide when providing advice or assistance to
have specific responsibilities to ensure that contemporaneously on TfL’s YouTube direction while maintaining flexibility for the Board or determining or noting issues
TfL’s decisions meet legal requirements. channel to further enhance transparency different areas of the business to develop within the Committee’s remits.
Inductions for new senior staff and in decision-making. TfL has an active social their own plans to contribute and support
the seven new Members of the Board media presence including Facebook, X and frequent, open reporting on how we are Principle D: Determining the intervention
appointed in 2024/25 explicitly covered YouTube. Members of TfL’s Youth Panel doing. The roadmaps cover: necessary to achieve intended outcomes
the importance of behaviours and attended meetings of two former Board The Quarterly Performance Report and
ethical values. Panels and now attend meetings of the • Safety and Security – get everyone home the key quarterly reports submitted to
Customer, Sustainability and Operations safe and healthy, every day; Committees and Panels track TfL’s activities
Declarations of interests for Members Panel, to provide the perspective of in terms of key performance indicators and
and the most senior staff are published young people. • Colleagues – be a great place to work for delivery of the Mayor’s Transport Strategy.
on tfl.gov.uk and declared at meetings. everyone to thrive; These also highlight remedial actions taken
Interests are updated as and when any Principle C: Defining outcomes in terms where slippage occurs. TfL had previously
change occurs. Members confirm that their of sustainable economic, social, and • Customers – give people more reasons to given greater financial independence to its
individual published declaration is up to environmental benefits choose sustainable travel; property subsidiary company, Places for
date at each meeting they attend, with any TfL meets this objective through its London Limited, and established a Land
changes to their interests recorded in the delivery of the Mayor’s Transport Strategy, • Finance – grow our income and control and Property Committee to oversee and
minutes of the meeting. Even if there are supported by its Vision and Values, our costs; and drive forward schemes that will deliver
no changes, Chief Officers reaffirm their Business Plan and the annual Scorecard affordable housing for the Mayor and
declarations annually. Offers of gifts and process. The Business Plan and Scorecard • Green – tackle the climate and revenue for TfL. The governance of the
hospitality, and details of those accepted measures flow through to team and ecological emergency. Committee has been kept under review
by Board Members and senior staff are individual staff objectives. The quarterly with strengthened assurance processes.
reported to each meeting of the Audit and reports to the Board, Committees and In 2023, TfL launched ‘Action on Inclusion’ Each Committee and Panel receives
Assurance Committee. Panels, as well as papers seeking authority to support a more inclusive workforce. a quarterly report from the Risk and
for projects, provide commentary on how In 2024, TfL launched ‘Equity in Motion’ Assurance Directorate, which highlight
they support the objective of delivering the which set out its plans for creating a fair, assurance activities relevant to the remit of
Mayor’s Transport Strategy. accessible and inclusive transport network. the meeting.
Updates on the progress against the actions

--- Page 233 ---
233 Annual Governance Statement Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Annual Governance Statement
(continued)
On 15 November 2023, the (former) Safety, Principle E: Developing TfL’s capacity, Principle F: Managing risks and Places for London Enterprise Risks have
Sustainability and Human Resources including the capability of its leadership performance through strong internal been developed, work has also begun on
Panel considered TfL’s approach to safety and individuals within it control and financial management the risk appetite and tolerance and Level
risk management, following the Board’s The structure of the Executive Committee Understanding and managing risk at all 1 risks have been identified. Engagement
informal discussion on the Sandilands and the roles and responsibilities of its levels within TfL is essential to ensure with the London Transport Museum has
sentencing hearing. The paper set out members were refreshed in February 2022 that TfL can mitigate the risks as far as also increased, including risk workshops to
several actions that TfL was taking to and revised governance arrangements is practical and understand its exposure. refresh its operational risks and to align to
further improve its safety culture and below this level were reviewed and TfL’s Enterprise Risk management system the TfL risk management process.
assurance. These actions continue to be implemented. TfL undertakes a wide range operates at three levels: Enterprise
embedded and kept under review. Two key of human resources activities to develop (Level 0), Strategic (Level 1) and Tactical TfL’s revised Risk Appetite and
outcomes are summarised below. the capacity of its colleagues. To provide (Level 2). There is improved and increased Tolerance approach has been agreed
a clearer focus on these issues at Board engagement with the Enterprise Risk and operationalised. Level 1 workshops
In June 2024, TfL commissioned an level, changes were made to the decision- management process by the business. have been completed for all Vision and
independent review of its safety making structure in September 2024. The Governance at the Board, Committees and Value theme areas and the associated
governance as part of the ongoing work to ‘people’ elements of the former Safety, Panels, Executive Committee and its sub- risk development is progressing well. A
continuously improve safety performance. Sustainability and Human Resources Panel groups works well with greater challenge of mapping exercise has been carried out
The findings, published on 12 February 2025, and the former Remuneration Committee risk information such as risk exposure level, of Level 1s to Level 0s and linkages made
showed TfL’s current safety performance were brought together in a new People and overall control effectiveness rating and in Active Risk Manager. Engagement has
was good when benchmarked against Remuneration Committee. Regular reports risks that are outside of tolerance. also started with the relevant Executive
other UK providers and the general were submitted to these bodies on human Committee sub-groups who will have
trend was of continuing improvement. resources activities to develop the capacity All Enterprise Risks are reviewed by the oversight of these risks.
TfL was working at pace to implement of colleagues and key initiatives including Executive Committee and the relevant
the recommendations. the Our TfL Programme, leadership Committees and Panels of the Board during The Audit and Assurance Committee
programme, succession planning and TfL’s the year on a rolling 12-month programme. maintains overall responsibility for
The General Counsel led on considering graduate and apprenticeship programmes. scrutinising TfL’s approach to risk and
how best to enhance Board-level safety A risk and opportunities workshop was receives reports to each meeting and
scrutiny and oversight of TfL’s safety During the year, the Remuneration held on 13 February 2025 with the Board reports on this to the Board. The Finance
performance including assurance. Members Committee, and its successor, the People and Executive Committee. A key theme Committee scrutinises TfL’s financial
and the Commissioner also wanted more and Remuneration Committee, reviewed from the discussion was that a technology performance and reports on this to the
oversight and discussion of security issues. and supported proposals in relation to related threat and opportunity should be Board. It monitors the effectiveness of
In July 2024, the Board approved the resourcing at TfL, including the approach developed (use of artificial intelligence in rigorous cost control and scrutiny measures
establishment of a dedicated Safety and to reward. TfL’s Vision and Values are also particular). Following the cyber incident introduced because of the impact of the
Security Panel from September 2024. The intended to develop capacity (see Principle in September 2024 and discussions at coronavirus pandemic on TfL’s funding
operation and effectiveness of the Panel C above). Board Members are developed Executive Committee and the Safety and and saw TfL make an operational surplus
and other changes to the decision-making through induction, briefings and site visits Security Panel it was agreed that the cyber for the first time in its history at financial
structure will be a key focus for the 2025 and this process was strengthened as part aspects of Enterprise Risk 04 – ‘Significant year end 2024 and has achieved this again
Board Effectiveness Review. of the onboarding for seven new Members security incident’ (ER04), have been split for the 2024/25 Financial Year. TfL has also
who joined the Board in September 2024. to form a new risk, Enterprise Risk 11 – continued to embed the TfL Health, Safety
‘Significant cyber security incident. Both and Environment Management System and
these risks are being updated and assessed has continuous improvement plans in place
and will be reviewed at the Safety and to enhance the system and strengthen the
Security Panel. maturity of compliance.

--- Page 234 ---
234 Annual Governance Statement Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Annual Governance Statement
(continued)
Principle G: Implementing good practices TfL continually reviews the effectiveness Conclusion
in transparency, reporting and audit to of its governance arrangements, including TfL is satisfied that appropriate governance
deliver effective accountability all aspects of TfL’s operations including arrangements are in place. It recognises
TfL follows the Government its relationships with its group entities. that there is always more that can be done
Communication Service guidance on The Risk and Assurance Annual Report and remains committed to maintaining
providing clear and accurate information. It and Assurance Statement includes the and where possible improving these
has a published transparency strategy and opinion of the Head of Internal Audit on arrangements. The key ways of doing Sir Sadiq Khan
has developed its website and the format the overall framework of TfL’s governance, this are: Chair of TfL
of its reports to improve transparency risk management and internal control in 24 September 2025
and accessibility. Minutes of meetings, key the year. The opinion for the year ending • keeping its governance arrangements
decisions taken outside of meetings, the 31 March 2025 concluded that TfL’s overall under continuous review, including
registers of Members and the most senior framework of governance, risk management through the Board Effectiveness Review;
staff’s interests and acceptance of gifts and and internal control remains generally
hospitality, along with details of contracts adequate for TfL’s business needs and • ensuring assurance is focussed on the
awarded more than £5,000 are published operates in an effective manner. It did draw right areas taking a risk based approach
on tfl.gov.uk. attention to three issues, which will be the and that issues identified by Internal
subject of further work over 2025/26: the Audit as requiring improvement Andy Lord
Review of Effectiveness cyber incident; recruitment, which remains are addressed; Commissioner
TfL regularly conducts a review of the a significant risk; and continued weakness 24 September 2025
effectiveness of its governance framework in the evidence to support applications for • reviewing and enhancing performance
including the system of internal control, payments from suppliers. While audits had reporting to focus on key risks and areas
which is reported to the Audit and identified areas where record keeping could for improvement; and
Assurance Committee. The 2024 Board be improved there had been a significant
Effectiveness Review was led by the fall in the number of findings relating to the • listening to feedback from
Deputy Chair of TfL and was reported way in which supporting information was key stakeholders.
to the Board in March 2025. The review evidenced, maintained and recorded.
focused on how TfL had addressed the
recommendations from the 2023 review, On 11 June 2025, the Government
led by an external specialist, the bedding in committed to a four-year funding
of the new decision-making structure that settlement for TfL which will enable it to
was stood up in September 2024 and the plan effectively.
recruitment and induction process for the
seven new Members that joined the Board
in September 2024. The next review of
effectiveness will be externally led.

--- Page 235 ---
TfL Board, committee and panel members
Remuneration
and attendance
236
TfL Board members
237
Membership of TfL committees and panels
240
TfL Board and committee member remuneration
241
TfL members attendance 2024/25

--- Page 236 ---
236 TfL Board members Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
TfL Board members
Sir Sadiq Khan Seb Dance Zoë Billingham CBE* Professor Councillor Anurag Gupta
Chair Deputy Chair Greg Clark CBE Ross Garrod
Deborah Tanya Joseph* Arthur Kay* Anne McMeel Mark Phillips
Harris-Ugbomah*
Marie Pye Keith Richards OBE* Omid Shiraji* Peter Strachan Sara Turnbull*
TfL Board members as at 31 March 2025
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024 * Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024 * Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024 * Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024

--- Page 237 ---
237 Membership of TfL committees and panels Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Membership of TfL
committees and panels
Audit and Assurance Committee
Mark Phillips Keith Richards OBE* Councillor Anurag Gupta Deborah Tanya Joseph* Marie Pye*
Chair Vice Chair Ross Garrod Harris-Ugbomah*
Finance Committee
Anne McMeel Deborah Zoë Billingham CBE* Professor Seb Dance Anurag Gupta
Chair Harris-Ugbomah* Greg Clark CBE
Vice Chair
Membership as at 31 March 2025
* Appointed from 9 September 2024 * Appointed from 9 September 2024
* Appointed from 9 September 2024 * Appointed from 9 September 2024
* Appointed from 9 September 2024
* Appointed from 9 September 2024

--- Page 238 ---
238 Membership of TfL committees and panels Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Land and Property Committee
Professor Anurag Gupta Arthur Kay* Anne McMeel Marie Pye Sara Turnbull*
Greg Clark CBE Vice Chair
Chair
People and Remuneration Committee**
* Appointed from
9 September 2024
* Appointed from
9 September 2024
* Appointed from
9 September 2024
* Appointed from
9 September 2024
Peter Strachan Tanya Joseph Zoë Billingham CBE Seb Dance Keith Richards OBE
Chair Vice Chair
* Appointed from
9 September 2024
Programmes and Investment Committee
Membership as at
31 March 2025
* Appointed from
9 September 2024
** Established
Peter Strachan Arthur Kay* Seb Dance Deborah Mark Phillips Omid Shiraji* Sara Turnbull* 9 September 2024
Chair Vice Chair Harris-Ugbomah*

--- Page 239 ---
239 Membership of TfL committees and panels Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Customer, Sustainability and Operations Panel*
Marie Pye Sara Turnbull Councillor Tanya Joseph Arthur Kay Keith Richards OBE Omid Shiraji
Chair Vice Chair Ross Garrod
Safety and Security Panel*
Zoë Billingham CBE Omid Shiraji Seb Dance Mark Phillips Peter Strachan
Chair Vice Chair
Rail user representatives**
Membership as at 31 March 2025
* Established 9 September 2024 * Established 9 September 2024
Professor Peter Strachan
** The rail users represent the interests of those
Greg Clark CBE (North of London)
living, working and studying in areas outside Greater
(South of London) London who use the railway services operated by TfL

--- Page 240 ---
240 TfL Board and committee member remuneration Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
TfL Board and committee
member remuneration
Non-voting meeting attendees:
Current Board Member For the year ended 31 March 2025 (£) Board – Government observers For the year ended 31 March 2025 (£)
Sir Sadiq Khan Not remunerated by TfL John Hall (until 30 April 2024) Not remunerated by TfL
Seb Dance Not remunerated by TfL Emma Ward, alternate Samantha Collins-Hill (from 1 May 2024) Not remunerated by TfL
Zoë Billingham CBE* 11,392
Professor Greg Clark CBE 19,437
Non-voting meeting attendees:
Councillor Ross Garrod 18,000 Finance Committee – Government observers For the year ended 31 March 2025 (£)
Anurag Gupta 19,000
John Hall (until 30 April 2024) Not remunerated by TfL
Deborah Harris-Ugbomah* 10,805
Samantha Collins-Hill (from 1 May 2024) Not remunerated by TfL
Tanya Joseph* 10,706
Arthur Kay* 10,706
Non-voting meeting attendees:
Anne McMeel 20,000
Programmes and Investment Committee – Government observers For the year ended 31 March 2025 (£)
Mark Phillips 20,000
David Coles Not remunerated by TfL
Marie Pye 19,564
Keith Richards OBE* 10,706
Omid Shiraji* 10,706 Remuneration disclosed includes any reasonable expenses claimed.
Peter Strachan 20,000
Sara Turnbull* 10,706
Members who left in 2024/25
(8 September 2024, unless stated)
* Appointed to the Board from 9 September 2024
Heidi Alexander (21 June 2024) 4,125
* Appointed to the Board from 9 September 2024
Kay Carberry CBE 8,730
* Appointed to the Board from 9 September 2024
Bronwen Handyside 7,857
Dr Mee Ling Ng OBE 8,730 * Appointed to the Board from 9 September 2024
Dr Nelson Ogunshakin OBE 8,730 * Appointed to the Board from 9 September 2024
Dr Nina Skorupska CBE FEI 8,294
* Appointed to the Board from 9 September 2024
Dr Lynn Sloman MBE 8,294
* Appointed to the Board from 9 September 2024

--- Page 241 ---
241 TfL members attendance 2024/25 Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
TfL members attendance 2024/25
Meetings that operated from
Established 9 September 2024 1 April to 8 September 2024
Customer
Customer, Services and Safety,
Audit and Land and Programmes People and Sustainability Operational Sustainability
Assurance Finance Property and Investment Remuneration and Operations Safety and Remuneration Performance and Human
Board Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Panel Security Panel Committee Panel Resources Panel
Member (6) (4) (6) (4) (4) (2) (3) (2) (1) (1) (2)
Sir Sadiq Khan 6 - - - - - - - - - -
Seb Dance 6 - 5 1 (1) 3 1 - 2 1 - -
Zoë Billingham CBE* 4 (4) - 4 (4) [1v] - - 2 - 2 - - -
Professor Greg Clark CBE 3 - 4 [3v] 3 - - - - - - -
Councillor Ross Garrod 4 [2v] 1 [1v] - - - - 1 - - [1v] -
Anurag Gupta 3 3 [1v] 5 [2v] 3 - - - - - - -
Deborah Harris-Ugbomah* 4 (4) 3 (3) [1v] 4 (4) - 3 (3) [2v] - - - - - -
Tanya Joseph* 4 (4) 3 (3) - - - 1 3 - - - -
Arthur Kay* 4 (4) - - 3 (3) 2 (3) - 2 [1v] - - - -
Anne McMeel 5 - 6 4 - - - - - 1 -
Mark Phillips 6 4 - - 3 - - 1 - - 2
Marie Pye 6 [1v] 3 (3) [2v] - 2 [1v] - - 3 - - [1v] 2 [1v]
Keith Richards OBE* 4 (4) [1v] 3 (3) - - - 2 2 [2v] - - - -
Omid Shiraji* 4 (4) - - - 3 (3) - 2 [2v] 2 - - -
Peter Strachan 6 [1v] - - - 3 2 - 2 1 0 -
Sara Turnbull* 4 (4) - - 3 (3) 3 (3) - 3 [1v] - - - -
The round brackets show the maximum number of
meetings available for members to attend
[Xv] number of meetings that were attended virtually via
teams where the Member was able to take part in the
discussion, but did not count towards the quorum
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024 * Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024 * Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024
* Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024 * Appointed as TfL Board member on 9 September 2024

--- Page 242 ---
242 TfL members attendance 2024/25 Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Meetings that operated from 1 April to 8 September 2024
Customer Services Safety, Sustainability
Audit and Assurance Finance Land and Property Programmes and Remuneration and Operational and Human
Board Committee Committee Committee Investment Committee Committee Performance Panel Resources Panel
Member (6) (4) (6) (4) (4) (1) (1) (2)
Members who left in 2024/25*
Heidi Alexander
0 (1) - - - - - - -
(until 21 June 2024)
Kay Carberry CBE 2 (2) 1 (1) - - - 1 - 1
Bronwen Handyside 0 (2) - - - - - 0 0
Dr Mee Ling Ng OBE 2 (2) 0 (1) - - - - 1 2
Dr Nelson Ogunshakin OBE 0 (2) - - - 0 (1) 0 - -
Dr Nina Skorupska CBE FEI 1 (2) - 1 (2) 1 - - - 2
Dr Lynn Sloman MBE 1 [1v] (2) - - - 0 (1) - 0 2
The round brackets show the maximum number of
meetings available for members to attend
[Xv] number of meetings that were attended virtually via
teams where the Member was able to take part in the
discussion, but did not count towards the quorum
* 8 September 2024, unless stated

--- Page 243 ---
Remuneration report 2024/25
Fair rewards for
our colleagues
244
Message from the Chair
245
Governance
247
Policy
249
Remuneration
251
Appendix 1-2

--- Page 244 ---
244 Message from the Chair Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Message from the Chair
We are committed to ensuring that our remuneration policy enables us to attract
and retain talent so that we can deliver a safe and reliable service for London
Our colleagues are at the heart of As the Chair of the People and from the previous financial year and, after
everything we do and are key to delivering Remuneration Committee, I am committed reaching financial sustainability, continued
our vision and values. to ensuring that TfL’s remuneration policy the performance award scheme, both
attracts and retains talented individuals contributing further to the increase.
with the right skills and experience to
lead the organisation and deliver the It is essential that we maintain a fair reward
Mayor’s priorities. package and retain talent in a competitive
market, while also supporting the next
‘ It is essential that we
After overcoming the challenges of the generation of people to forge careers in the
maintain a fair reward pandemic, which significantly affected our transport industry at all levels.
fares income and required Government
package and retain talent
funding support, we reached a historic The Committee’s role is to set a policy that
milestone last year by generating an enables TfL to compete globally for top
in a competitive market,
operating surplus. This achievement talent while ensuring value for money. We
while also supporting meant we achieved the Government’s believe our approach to rewarding senior
target for TfL to become operationally staff is both appropriate and balanced,
the next generation of
financially sustainable. Building on the achieving this goal.
people to forge careers in success of 2023/24, we ended 2024/25
with an operating surplus for the second TfL is a large and intricate organisation
the transport industry at
consecutive year. that provides the capital’s essential
all levels’ public transport network, with its people
During 2024/25, we implemented the latest at the core of its success. Through the
pay award, which pushed more than 100 dedication and expertise of our team,
employees below senior manager level we are committed to delivering a safe,
in London Underground from under to efficient, and reliable service, ensuring
above a base salary of £100,000. We also a positive experience for all who use
implemented backdated pay increases London’s transport. Peter Strachan
Chair, TfL People and
Remuneration Committee

--- Page 245 ---
245 Governance Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Governance
People and Remuneration Committee members Role and responsibilities Changes to the Committee
Our remuneration policy is set by our The TfL Board approved a new decision-
People and Remuneration Committee to making structure, with effect from 9
attract, motivate and retain high-calibre, September 2024, which stood down the
suitably qualified people to successfully Remuneration Committee and established
manage our large and complex organisation. a People and Remuneration Committee.
The Committee considers the need
to remunerate at a competitive level There has always been some degree of
compared with the external market and overlap between the agendas of the
Peter Strachan Tanya Joseph Zoë Billingham Seb Dance Keith Richards peer organisations while also, in a fair and Remuneration Committee and the people
Chair Vice Chair CBE OBE reasonable manner, rewarding them for elements considered by the Safety,
their individual contributions to our long- Sustainability and Human Resources Panel.
term success, without paying them more It is therefore appropriate to include all
Former members than is appropriate. people issues, including staff welfare
issues, and remuneration decisions in one
The Committee’s full terms of reference meeting. This reflects good practice in
are published on our website. These the operation of similar committees in
essentially involve keeping an overview of other organisations.
our reward and remuneration policies and
the arrangements for talent management During the informal discussions on the
and succession planning. The Committee Board Effectiveness Review 2023, the
will occasionally review and set the Chair of the Remuneration Committee
Kay Carberry Dr Nelson remuneration of the Commissioner, chief supported the idea of the Committee
CBE Ogunshakin officers and directors reporting to the having a wider remit as this would inform
Chair OBE Commissioner. The Committee also helps its discussions on succession planning and
review the remuneration strategies for the talent management. The new remit requires
entire senior manager group, particularly a larger Committee, with additional
regarding performance-related pay. Members, and a minimum of four meetings
per year.
Committee meetings
The Remuneration Committee met on
24 July 2024.
The People and Remuneration Committee
met on 20 November 2024 and
24 February 2025.

--- Page 246 ---
246 Governance Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Committee activities The launch of our Strategic Workforce
At the November meeting, the Committee Plan will be compatible with the Action
was provided with an update on the on Inclusion work. Members and officers
different change activity taking place across recognised that cultural change takes
the organisation. The Our TfL Programme, time and continuous effort, which the
initiated in June 2022, had helped to embed development and implementation of the
the value chain that, along with the revised strategy was intended to achieve.
chief officer structure, enabled us to take a
more holistic approach to change and work Ensuring that TfL provides a fair and
collaboratively across the organisation. The attractive employee offer is an integral
programme had served its primary purpose part of our Colleague strategy, which seeks
over the expected two-year timeframe and to balance fairness and affordability with
was being wound down. meeting the competitive challenge of
attracting and retaining talent. In response
The Committee discussed the Operational to that challenge, we have been reviewing
Change programme, a suite of projects our approach to pay management and on
to deliver our strategic objectives and 1 April 2025 we launched a job family pay
improve cost efficiency in the operational ranges concept for non-operational roles.
part of the organisation, and the Enterprise In total, 22 job family pay ranges were
Resource Planning programme, a suite of launched, which enables us to be more
systems and associated processes used to competitive against the market to help
run an organisation. attract and retain talent.
There was also an update on the Action Throughout the year, the Committee
on Inclusion strategy, which aims to create has been responsible for approving
an inclusive workplace where everyone salaries of £100,000 or more for any new
can belong. Members noted the rationale appointments. Salary increases for certain
for the strategy and how it had been chief officers and directors reporting
developed with the engagement of staff to the Commissioner were agreed to
across the organisation, including more reflect responsibilities and the latest
than 500 ‘listening’ sessions, welcoming benchmarking within TfL and the market.
the holistic and coherent approach taken in
the strategy and the action already taken.
It noted the work on training and culture
change, particularly on improving the
experience of disabled colleagues, which
staff surveys show are the least engaged.
The approach to workplace adjustments
has been reviewed to ensure colleagues
receive the support that they need and
new disability awareness training has also
been introduced.
We want to provide a fair and attractive offer to our employees

--- Page 247 ---
247 Policy Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Policy
Board remuneration General remuneration
Members of the TfL Board receive a basic Our general approach is to provide
Component Purpose Operation Maximum
fee of £16,000 per annum. Additional remuneration that attracts, retains and
fees are paid for each appointment to a motivates individuals of the right calibre to Base pay To reflect the The following factors are taken There is no prescribed
committee or panel, up to a maximum total manage a large and complex organisation. individual’s role, into account: maximum salary.
experience and
remuneration of £20,000 per annum. Remuneration packages reflect • Remuneration benchmark Any increases to base pay
contribution. This
responsibilities, experience, performance information from a specific for the Commissioner,
is set at a level to
peer group to identify a chief officers and directors
The additional fees are paid at the rate of and the market from which we recruit. attract and retain
market median range of base will be reviewed on an
£1,000 per annum as a member and £2,000 individuals of the
pay, which reflects what our annual basis, subject to
calibre required to
per annum as the Chair of a committee or The reward structure that has been Commissioner and chief People and Remuneration
lead an organisation
panel. Members are also entitled to receive developed is commensurate with this officers would receive if they Committee approval.
of our size
free travel on the TfL transport network. policy. It includes a base salary and a were to work in a similar role
and complexity.
in another company of similar
No allowances are paid to members. performance award scheme against
size, complexity and scope
the achievement of a range of safety,
• The scope and responsibility of
Any expenses claimed by members in operational, customer, people, delivery and
the role
relation to fulfilling their role as a TfL financial targets.
• The individual’s skill, experience
board member, are published on the
and performance against targets
board members’ page of our website. The main objective of the remuneration
• Affordability for us
Any offers of gifts or hospitality that policy is to ensure that reward is based
have been accepted by a Board member on performance, to drive delivery while
Performance- To incentivise Performance awards are calculated The maximum award for the
are registered and those accepted are ensuring that the overall reward package related pay delivery of stretching using a matrix, which sets out the Commissioner is 50 per cent of
reported to the meetings of the Audit and is affordable. one-year key percentage performance award an their base pay.
performance targets employee will receive based on
Assurance Committee. The maximum award for chief
(both individual a combination of the scorecard
Executive remuneration officers is 30 per cent of their
and collective) result and their individual
No fee is paid to the Chair or Deputy Chair The base pay and the total remuneration of base pay.
as measured performance rating.
of TfL. the Commissioner, chief officers and other through individual
The TfL scorecard sets the budget
direct reports of the Commissioner is set by performance rating
available for performance awards.
and scorecard results.
The remuneration for each member for the People and Remuneration Committee,
An employee’s contribution, in the
the year ended 31 March 2025 is shown on which uses external benchmarking
form of a personal performance
page 240. and other comparative information to rating, determines the percentage
determine remuneration. This is broken performance award received
down into the following components. from the available budget using a
multiplier approach.
The remuneration received by the Awards are paid in the following
financial year.
Commissioner and chief officers for
2024/25 is shown in Note 6 of the Statement
of Accounts.

--- Page 248 ---
248 Policy Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
The ‘financial criterion’ is a separate Following the Dawn Jarvis report,
overriding financial performance condition published on 12 February 2019, which was
Component Purpose Operation Maximum
that has no bearing on the quantum of the commissioned by the Mayor to review
annual performance award budgets but termination clauses and payments
Benefits To provide a The Commissioner and chief Pensionable salary is capped at:
competitive total officers receive the same acts as a trigger that determines whether for senior employees across the GLA
• £205,200 from 6 April 2023 to
reward package core benefits as all our performance awards can be paid. Group, the People and Remuneration
5 April 2024
that supports other employees. The only
Committee has oversight of any proposed
attraction, retention enhancements are full family • £223,800 from 6 April 2024
The financial criterion for 2024/25 was for exit payments for the Commissioner,
and motivation. cover for private medical to 5 April 2025 for members
us to achieve an operating surplus. chief officers and other senior directors
benefit and an annual health who joined after 31 May 1989
assessment, which is available to reporting to the Commissioner.
all TfL directors. Severance policy
Membership of the TfL Pension Most employees who leave through The Committee will also consider any
Fund, a ‘defined benefit’ scheme redundancy, do so under our voluntary exit payment outside the standard
that provides for a pension
severance arrangements. These terms redundancy terms, and which exceeds
payable from age 65, based on
may include the following, dependent £100,000, excluding notice periods, which
1/60th of pensionable salary for
on circumstances: are contractual.
each year of service or, if invited
and eligible, similar benefits
provided on an unfunded basis. • A number of weeks of pay based on In non-redundancy situations, we may
Some legacy arrangements apply length of service, age and weekly pay enter into severance arrangements where
for certain employees whereby an it is in the interests of the organisation
employer contribution of 10 per
• Notice period that an employee may and represents value for money. All
cent of salary is paid to either a
work or receive as a payment in lieu such arrangements are considered on a
defined contribution arrangement
or as cash supplement at a of notice case-by-case basis. In non-redundancy
discounted amount. situations, we may enter into severance
• Enhanced pension provision arrangements where it is in the interests
of the organisation and represents value
There are minimum service requirements for money. All such arrangements are
for some of these terms and some considered on a case-by-case basis.
Performance-related pay ensure that reward is only delivered that elements vary if employees volunteer to
Performance awards are a critical is commensurate with the level of success leave early during organisational change.
component of our total remuneration achieved and therefore provide a fair and There are also some variations to these
proposition for senior management value-for-money approach to reward. terms, which have been agreed as local
supporting our ability to attract and retain arrangements for the small number of
talent within the organisation. For the 2024/25 performance year, three employees who are members of the Local
performance elements were used to Government and Principal Civil Service
Our performance award schemes have an determine performance award outcomes: Pension Schemes.
important role to play in delivering high
performance across TfL. Through the direct a) How we perform against the critical
relationship with business performance (as priorities set out in the business scorecards
captured in our scorecards), the schemes
serve to highlight the main priorities b) How individuals personally contribute to
in delivering the Mayor’s Transport these, as defined by a performance rating
Strategy and unify senior management
in delivering our critical goals. They also c) The ‘financial criterion’

--- Page 249 ---
249 Remuneration Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Remuneration
Benchmarking senior executives’ pay Each role is benchmarked against its Benchmarking of remuneration for
The People and Remuneration Committee respective counterparts in comparator Commissioner and chief officers (£000s)
uses data from remuneration consultants organisations, with the scope of each
2,000
to benchmark the remuneration for the role matched using WTW’s global
Commissioner and chief officers. Willis grading system and our internal Hay job
Towers Watson (WTW) is the appointed evaluation scores.
supplier for senior executive benchmarking
until 2026. Estimated overall remuneration for
each role includes the base salary and
1,500
Benchmarking uses two separate peer estimates of performance-related pay and
groups. The first is made up of private pension provision.
sector companies that are comparable in
terms of scale, complexity and sector. The Performance-related pay has been based
data is mainly derived from WTW’s UK on the relevant budget at a scorecard
compensation survey data; a survey peer result of 75 per cent, and the value of the 1,000
group that comprises 274 organisations pension provision is based on standard
focusing on the transport, construction, actuarial assumptions. The value of the
engineering, energy and utilities industries. estimated overall remuneration package
This provides a broad cross-section of the will therefore be different to the actual
UK private sector market. remuneration paid.
500
The second peer group is solely from The benchmarking has shown that the base
publicly accountable organisations, which salaries and comparable remuneration for
comprises 21 UK organisations deemed to the Commissioner and chief officers are
have some degree of public accountability. significantly below the market level.
0
Commissioner Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Health, General
Capital Customer Finance Operating People Safety and Counsel
Officer and Strategy Officer Officer Officer Environment
Officer Officer
Median external remuneration benchmark (private sector peer group)
Median external remuneration benchmark (publicly accountable group)
Estimated overall remuneration package

--- Page 250 ---
250 Remuneration Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Commissioner remuneration ratio The Commissioner’s base salary in 2024/25 In comparison, if we applied the annual in the pay awards, contributing to the
In total remuneration terms, the was £408,430. This compares with the pay review budgets awarded to the senior increase in numbers. Much of the overtime
Commissioner earns 8.9 times that of the median base salary of £63,396 and the manager population over the same time, worked relates to specialist engineers
median employee. The ratio increased in lowest base salary, excluding apprentices, this figure would now be £117,887, with working overnight and at weekends on
2023/24 as no performance awards were of £24,250. 167 employees above this. major projects. These included works in
paid across the organisation in 2022/23. preparation for new Piccadilly line trains
Included in the total are 721 people with a entering service, testing for the new trains
base salary of less than £100,000. As salaries on the DLR, power upgrades across the
increase with inflation, a lower amount network, as well as installing new signalling
of other payments are required to take a on the Circle, District, Hammersmith & City
person’s total remuneration over £100,000. and Metropolitan lines.
Year 25th percentile pay ratio Median pay ratio 75th percentile pay ratio
Many of these are paid as a percentage of
2022/23 8.1:1 5.9:1 5.5:1 basic pay, such as performance-related pay There were 19 people, compared with 20
and allowances, and so are again impacted in 2023/24, who were on a base salary of
2023/24 10.9:1 8.2:1 7.2:1
by inflation levels. less than £100,000 per year and received
a one-off voluntary severance payment
2024/25 11.9:1 8.9:1 7.8:1
The number of people whose base salary that took their total remuneration above
was less than £100,000 but the overtime this threshold. This is largely due to people
they earned took their total remuneration leaving as part of our transformation
over the threshold increased by 356. programme, which is reducing management
Total remuneration of more than £100,000 For 2024/25, the TfL pay collectively Overtime rates are linked to an individual’s layers and eliminating duplication
Total remuneration includes salaries, fees, bargained agreement consisted of a four base salary so are impacted by the to improve efficiency and deliver
performance-related pay, benefits in kind, per cent increase in base pay, plus an continued high levels of inflation reflected recurring savings.
lump sums and termination payments, but additional flat rate award of £400 and
excludes pension contributions paid by London Underground colleagues received
the employer. a 3.8 per cent increase in base pay plus an
additional £450. Number of employees who earned total
The figures for 2024/25 are impacted by remuneration of more than £100,000 in the year
the payment of back-dated pay awards In the years since 2016, inflation and salaries
causing an increase in the numbers. Owing in the external market have risen more
to the timing of the collectively bargained significantly than budgets provided within
2024/25 2023/24
agreements for the pay deals, the full TfL, with record levels of inflation in 2022
impact of the pay awards was not reflected and 2023, while the £100,000 threshold Base salary of £100,000 or more 536 353
in the figures for 2023/24. Back-dated has remained static. In 2016, there were
Base salary below £100,000 721 361
payments were made in early 2024/25 to 188 employees on a base salary of more
London Underground and TfL colleagues, than £100,000. This has now risen to 548,
Voluntary severance payments taking earnings over £100,000 19 20
causing a larger year-on-year increase than with 184 of these in levels below senior
usually seen. It is not standard practice management. Had the threshold set in 2016 Level of overtime worked taking earnings over £100,000 941 585
to pay multiple awards in each year and risen in line with the February Retail Price
Total 2,217 1,319
we would typically expect to see more Index each year, the equivalent value would
balanced increases when pay awards are now be £151,541, with 48 employees on a
settled timely. higher salary than this. Had it risen in line
with the February Consumer Price Index,
it would be £136,233, with 82 employees
above this level.

--- Page 251 ---
251 Appendix 1 Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Appendix 1
Representation of equalities groups at different pay levels
as at 31 March 2025, excluding Crossrail and our apprentices
(this is not subject to audit)
Gender
Less than £30,001 £40,001 £50,001 £60,001 £70,001 £80,001 £90,001 More than
Pay level £30,000 to £40,000 to £50,000 to £60,000 to £70,000 to £80,000 to £90,000 to £100,000 £100,000
Metric Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
Female 150 48 1,056 39 1,843 35 1,116 23 1,123 23 1,225 18 322 20 102 13 136 25
Male 163 52 1,635 61 3,411 65 3,767 77 3,801 77 5,740 82 1,315 80 681 87 412 75
Total 313 2,691 5,254 4,883 4,924 6,965 1,637 783 548
Ethnicity
Less than £30,001 £40,001 £50,001 £60,001 £70,001 £80,001 £90,001 More than
Pay level £30,000 to £40,000 to £50,000 to £60,000 to £70,000 to £80,000 to £90,000 to £100,000 £100,000
Metric Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
Black, Asian and minority ethnic 97 31 936 35 2,076 40 1,482 30 1,673 34 2,486 36 387 24 151 19 80 15
White 70 22 803 30 1,739 33 1,885 39 2,593 53 3,552 51 1,075 65 545 70 432 78
Not stated 146 47 952 35 1,439 27 1,516 31 658 13 927 13 175 11 87 11 36 7
Total 313 2,691 5,254 4,883 4,924 6,965 1,637 783 548

--- Page 252 ---
252 Appendix 1 Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Disability status
Less than £30,001 £40,001 £50,001 £60,001 £70,001 £80,001 £90,001 More than
Pay level £30,000 to £40,000 to £50,000 to £60,000 to £70,000 to £80,000 to £90,000 to £100,000 £100,000
Metric Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
Disabled 14 4 124 5 216 4 127 3 152 3 205 3 70 4 22 3 28 5
No disability 107 34 1,287 48 3,107 59 2,443 50 2,966 60 4,559 65 995 61 407 52 394 72
Not stated 192 62 1,280 47 1,931 37 2,313 47 1,806 37 2,201 32 572 35 354 45 126 23
Total 313 2,691 5,254 4,883 4,924 6,965 1,637 783 548
We have recently introduced new disability awareness training

--- Page 253 ---
253 Appendix 2 Annual Report and Statement of Accounts 2024/25
Appendix 2
Trade union facility time The trade unions represented in our Working hours spent on facility
(not subject to audit) organisation are:
The Trade Union (Facility Time Publication
Requirements) Regulations 2017 mean we • ASLEF Number of Number of
must collate and publish a range of data employees employees
Percentage of time 2024/25 2023/24
on the amount and cost of trade union • PCS
facility time within the organisation each
0 - -
year. Facility time is the provision of paid or • Prospect
unpaid time off from an employee’s normal 1-50 801 757
role for trade union duties and activities as • RMT
51-99 7 7
a union representative.
• TSSA 100 35 35
Total 843 799
• UNISON
• Unite
843
At any time, we have a number of vacancies We allow representatives paid time off
for trade union representatives, as such for union duties and meeting these costs
the number of representatives will be represents 0.40 per cent of our total
a snapshot. wage bill.
members of staff elected
as union representatives
as at 31 March 2025
2024/25 2023/24
Total cost of facility time (£m) 9.2 7.9
Total remuneration costs for all TfL employees (£m) 2,280.7 2,155.6
Percentage of pay bill spent on facility time (%) 0.40 0.36
We do not provide paid time off for
representatives to carry out union
activities. The above approach to paid time
off, and the number of representatives
for our 28,000 employees, is in line with
legislation guidelines from ACAS and
agreements with the trade unions.

--- Page 254 ---
About us
Part of the Greater London Authority We manage the city’s red route strategic We have constructed many of London’s We are constantly working to improve
family led by Mayor of London Sadiq Khan, roads and are responsible for the most significant infrastructure projects the city for everyone. This means using
we are the integrated transport authority maintenance, management and operation in recent years, using transport to information, data and technology to
responsible for delivering the Mayor’s of more than 6,000 sets of traffic lights unlock economic growth and improve make services intuitive and easy to use
aims for transport. We have a key role in across the capital. The London boroughs connectivity. This includes major projects and doing all we can to make streets
shaping what life is like in London, helping are responsible for all the remaining roads like the extension of the Northern line and transport services accessible and
to realise the Mayor’s vision for a ‘City within their boundaries. The experience, to Battersea Power Station and Nine safe to all.
for All Londoners’ and helping to create reliability and accessibility of our services Elms in south London, as well as the
a safer, fairer, greener, healthier and more are fundamental to Londoners’ quality completion of the London Overground We reinvest every penny of our income to
prosperous city. The Mayor’s Transport of life. Safety remains our number one extension to Barking Riverside and the continually improve transport networks
Strategy sets a target for 80 per cent priority and we continue to work tirelessly Bank station upgrade. for the people who use them every day.
of all journeys to be made by walking, to improve safety across the network for None of this would be possible without
cycling or using public transport by 2041. both colleagues and customers. The Elizabeth line, which opened in the support of boroughs, communities
To make this a reality, we prioritise safety, 2022, has quickly become one of the and other partners who we work with to
sustainability, health and the quality of Our vision is to be a strong, green heartbeat country’s most popular railways, adding improve our services. By working together,
people’s experience in everything we do. for London. We are investing in green 10 per cent to central London’s rail we are creating brighter journeys and a
infrastructure, improving walking and capacity and supporting new jobs, homes better city.
We run most of London’s public cycling, reducing carbon emissions, and and economic growth. We also use our
transport services, including the making the city’s air cleaner. The Ultra Low own land to provide thousands of new
London Underground, London Buses, Emission Zone, and fleets of increasingly affordable homes and our own supply
the DLR, London Overground, Elizabeth environmentally friendly and zero-emission chain creates tens of thousands of jobs
line, London Trams, London River buses, are helping to tackle London’s toxic and apprenticeships across the country.
Services, London Dial-a-Ride, Victoria air. We are also improving public transport
Coach Station, Santander Cycles and options, particularly in outer London, to We are committed to being an employer
the IFS Cloud Cable Car. ensure that more people can choose public that is fully representative of the
transport or active travel over using their community we serve, where everyone
vehicles. We introduced the Superloop can realise their potential. Our aim is to
bus network, providing express bus routes be a fully inclusive employer, valuing and
circling the entire capital, connecting outer celebrating the diversity of our workforce
London town centres, railway stations, to improve services for all Londoners.
hospitals and transport hubs.

--- Page 255 ---
© Transport for London
September 2025
tfl.gov.uk
PUB25_022

